Cameron decided to have a barbecue and gathered her friends together.
Jan needed to give out jobs for an upcoming project at work.
Remy was an expert fisherman and was on the water with Kai. Remy baited Kai's hook.
Addison gave a hug to Skylar's son when they were feeling down.
Kai found one for sale online but it was too much money for her.
Quinn was high up in the tree and didn't want to get down. We told him we would play a game, so Quinn came down to us.
Bailey found Carson's cleaning solution after not being able to find it by himself.
Kendall worked the weekend at the steakhouse and made bank on tips.
Quinn wanted to help me clean my room up because it was so messy.
Kendall ran back and thanked Lee for helping her find the dog.
Sydney was a school teacher and made sure their students learned well.
Sasha's mom passed out in the middle of the party. Aubrey took Sasha's mom to the hospital.
Cameron promised not to tell anyone about Ash's surprise party. Cameron told someone the secret.
Their cat kept trying to escape out of the window, so Jan placed an obstacle in the way.
Remy blinked Quinn's eyes because Quinn was paralyzed after the car accident.
Austin saw that someone left their purse on top of their car as they drove away so he ran along side them to get their attention.
Jordan sliced open the dead body to harvest the organs.
Ash rode hard and put away his wet clothes to let them dry for a few hours.
Bailey relieved every one of her friends when she announced her plans to stay.
Sydney had so much pent up emotion, they burst into tears at work.
Bailey took Taylor by surprise when she showed up on the same cruise.
Sydney got a raise and a new promotion.
Quinn finally found their lost puppy that ran away last week.
skylar was hanging out with kendall so she met kendall's boyfriend's parents.
Remy enjoyed guiding and helping her friends through their problems.
Remy was athletic and wanted to spend time in nature, so Remy wanted to go hiking.
The teacher asked the class a question and they seemed puzzled. Aubrey understood the question well and answered.
Aubrey succeeded at what they were trying to do and felt like a success.
Kendall frightened the dogs away by yelling and waving their hands.
Jan had always wanted a puppy, but decided to adopt an older shelter dog instead.
Addison bid Carson goodbye before the ship left the dock.
After Sydney cut her nails, Sasha decided to get her hair done and go on a date.
Cameron flew on a plane because he figured he would get there faster than driving.
Jan bound together the ropes tightly and gave them one final tug to ensure the boat was secured.
Riley told Taylor that they had found a dog tied up in a park.
Carson was very passionate about this topic so he drove home his point.
Skylar returned early in the evening after a night and day of partying.
It was late and night and Bailey was asleep in bed alone.
Carson made lots of friends when they went to the club last night.
Tracy protected her teammates from injury when she saw an accident about to happen prevented it.
Quinn was about to die when the doctor provided professional treatment.
During their yearbook class, Alex took an old photo of herself and Quin, and crossed out Quinn's face on the photograph. Quinn saw her do this.
The customer felt that Addison was rude and made a complaint to management.
Aubrey was working the door at a concert, so Aubrey asked the girl coming in for money.
casey was in a rush to see what was in the envelope so he tore open the letter.
Tracy was teaching Kendall to dance so Tracy raised Kendall's hips into the right position for the next move.
Remy gave Robin the feeling of love by having sex with her in bed.
Robin had watched their partner Alex perform in a play and had loved it.
Carson and Addison are dating and it is getting serious day by day.
Skylar applied their desires unto Sasha because she was demanding and bossy.
Bailey took their dog to the dog park and let the dog run.
Sasha loved animals and was bringing them to a new sanctuary where they were safe.
Lee was spending too much money on repairs so he wanted to save as much as possible by shopping around.
kendall was hungry for the large hot dog so she took another bite.
Taylor saved other people's teeth from decay by providing good toothpaste.
The boxes were in the doorway, so Alex moved the boxes from the doorway.
Austin fought for Quinn and she was very happy to know him.
Kai taught English class to students at a college.
Jordan ate all of Sydney's food and had to get more because Sydney was hungry.
Addison had no clue what to do after hearing the news so Addison wanted to go to Ash for advice.
Ash wanted to see Carson again after they spent a weekend playing games.
Carson took the day off work after he felt sick to his stomach and threw up.
QUiin looked for hours and in the end finally found the item.
Addison looked over bailey's business plan and helped her maximize her profits.
Ash was worried how it would go, but according to Ash it went well.
Jesse lost every penny gambling on sports.
Taylor used a chart to help explaining the complex logic and design of the system to the teammates.
Kendall wanted to ask Jan if she had gotten a date to the dance yet.
Sydney played basketball with her friends after school on a sunny afternoon.
At the bar after work while they were having a drink, Carson got angry at Taylor.
Riley was working on a project and Jan made Riley's object.
It was getting time and Sasha got ready to go to the party.
Sasha wanted to lose some weight before their cheer competition.
When pass the test after studying all night with no sleep.
Remy posted a picture on her social media and hoped to get a lot of upvotes.
In order to remember the good times past. Cameron always put up pictures.
Jordan had a handful of lottery tickets, and gave Taylor the right one to win the jackpot.
After learning that Cameron was trying to have an affair with their husband, Quinn tried to kill Cameron.
Quinn was a cook at a school. Quinn made sandwiches for others.
Since they were the teacher and needed to make things clear, Kendall proved every point.
Remy got a new puppy today and taught him how to sit.
Quinn was thirsty and drank a lot of milk with his cookies.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend yes to going to the movies with them as a coupl.
Carson wanted to go straight away but their car had low air in the tires.
Kendall spends money unwisely, so Robin makes her deposit their money in the bank.
Riley reached the point climbing the hill where Kendall could see them over the rise.
Skylar became a millionaire through hard work and used the money wisely.
Riley was jumping up and down with their hands in the air. Austin held Riley's arms to keep them from moving.
Skylar made amends with his friend after the argument.
Quinn had too much to drink the other night. They were starting to have a problem.
Aubrey sent text messages to remind the group about the meeting this afternoon.
Sydney reduced national debt to a manageable level by stimulating the economy and reducing taxes.
Austin stretched out their arms to reach the item at the end of the table.
Ash understood another idea. That idea was better than the original.
Alex wanted their hair to be bright blue but needed to remove their natural color first.
Taylor took the poor dog she found on the road to the vet.
jesse was bored so he saw if he could help the person out.
Addison allayed their fears by imaging what the worst that could happen. It wasn't so bad.
Aubrey made Kendall's bed because Kendall did not do it.
Skylar had a cousin who had become addicted to methamphetamine. She was worried she would return to old habits after making it through rehab sucessfully.
Jordan's dog peed on the couch they were selling and Jordan removed the odor as soon as possible.
Riley wanted to return a book he had borrowed, so he walked to the library.
After months of preparation, Lee finally managed to kill their wife.
Cameron asked Casey to write a report about her dog that passed away from a curable disease.
Addison gently touched Casey's shoulder, and Casey lowered his head and began to cry softly.
Taylor was single for a long time, then they finally started a relationship.
Aubrey became very angry and pulled Remy apart.
Jan left her keys in her car and someone stole it but after Casey followed them, they got the car back then Casey brought it back to Jan.
Quinn brought her to the hospital and let the others know the baby was coming.
Ash walked to her friend's house and gave her a brand new cake.
Robin went to the restaurant where her friends worked, because she knew they would give her food.
After a year talking to her on the internet Skylar met Alex for the first time.
Skylar's boss demanded a new report immediately, so Skylar produced the paperwork in response.
Remy was making large batches of cookies for the girl scouts to sell to raise money so they worked all morning baking.
Cameron met the body's supervisor of their current department.
Cameron got a good job working with kids in the area.
Austin moved to California to pursue their career in acting.
Ash elicited Jesse's response when she did not know the answer to the question.
Sasha flicked Jesse's tongue as they were making out passionately in the basement.
jordan was tired and exhausted so he tried to sleep.
Cameron put their way of navigating home into practice, so they can have a great place to live.
Aubrey pulled Remy apart before a fight started so she did not get involved.
Bailey wasted some food today and threw it in the trash by accident.
Kendall knew their parents wanted to see the orchestra, so Kendall bought the tickets as an anniversary gift.
Jesse saw her friend Ash's boyfriend behind Ash's back for several months.
Addison had never been on horseback before and they took control too fast.
Addison left the casino after they had won a jackpot in the slot machines.
Aubrey got up early to make some breakfast. Aubrey finished preparing their breakfast and sat down.
Austin ran the brush through Bailey's hair to get ready for the dance party.
casey wanted to back up her friend so she performed jan's duty.
robin was a wizard so she turned the bad outcome into a good one.
Addison provided Kendall the answer to the question. Kendall then wrote it down in the journal.
Ash was invited to a birthday party by a friend which he had to accept.
Sasha caught Tracy off guard when she complemented her after her presentation.
lee was wealthy and felt guilty so he gave a lot of money to charity.
Sasha was Skylar's prom date for that night and they both looked great.
Bailey watched the show alone and called their friends to tell them about it.
Sydney took Skylar out for ice cream today because it was the last day of school.
After searching for formal clothes to wear for hours, Jordan found shorts in the closet and wore them instead.
Sasha invited friends over to their house. They enjoyed Sunday brunch together often.
according to the article Taylor got a closer look.
Kai broke Casey's arm in the wrestling match last Saturday evening after dinner.
Tracy gave Kai utterance about what to do next at the company.
Samantha was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse decided to hand the music off and place it in their hands.
Taylor played beer pong with their friends at the party.
Taylor changed Cameron's opinion after showing him the news article.
Jesse was driving their car for them since they were too drunk to drive.
I was going to my friend Sams party when I ran into Jan. Jan changed mind about going because there would be a very loud band and the police may show up.
Tracy was asked if they understood the work and told the teacher at school no.
Tracy wanted to drive less to help reduce their impact on the environment.
Kai worked diligently for years to develop the new vaccine.
Ash knocked the ball out of the way when they were getting something from the garage.
Lee gave Carson an overview of the project they need to complete.
Jan got into a cab after a long cross Atlantic flight back to their home.
Skylar drove home in their new car after trading in their old one to the dealer.
Jan drove Skylar back home after Skylar had been stranded on the roadside in the rain for an hour.
Jan needed a science fair project.
After the company hired Micah and Pat, Jordan lost a job to them.
Riley went to the mall with their mom to do some shopping.
Austin got full at dinner and was unable to finish the rack of ribs and all of the side dishes he ordered.
Casey was hungry, going down the path in the golf cart, course was changed to go to the clubhouse restaurant.
Alex learned to sew so he could make lots of money.
ash saw a large man walking to her so she grabbed her purse.
Even though Austin should have been working on the report, Austin continued reading random news.
Jordan found yoga will help. She was glad to learn that fact.
Carson gave Jesse a lesson on how to play the piano one day.
Kendall closed the door with a slam after Sydney left.  It had been a bad fight.
Casey was planning Aubrey's wedding and was performing her duties exactly as requested.
Austin listed every item they needed to purchase at the grocery store on a notepad.
Jordan rendered aid to the cause to help the starving children.
Sasha expressed Skylar's thoughts in terms of appreciation and benevolence.
Quinn saw that the water ran out so nobody could get a drink. Quinn put water in the machine.
Kai induced good health in mice in his science project for school.
Casey went back years and now she can't remember.
Riley forced Jan's entrance when the door wouldn't open for her.
Robin had a way with words so she talked the whole class into wanting to study for the next test.
Sasha got the results of the test and was pleased to see they'd passed.
Kai was supposed to go help her club set up for the event but instead she visited some friends' house.
Ash stayed away from them when he realized they were criminals.
Aubrey stayed up all night studying. The next day in class she fell asleep.
Casey owed money for college and Remy paid her bill so she wouldn't owe.
Kai took the bike to a repair shop but the shop was closed and they had to walk to bike home.
Bailey looked at the note, but it didn't make sense to her the way it was written, so she shredded it.
Because he did now want to contribute Jordan hid money from their parents and told them he was broke.
according to the article Jesse moved houses to get into the action.
Casey met my wife when we went out to dinner.
Tracy took Lee into a better life by giving a lot of gifts and good food.
Cameron gave Robin the satisfaction of victory when they won the game that day.
Quinn got ready to go to work after taking a shower and brushing his teeth.
Jordan took care of what she needed to.
Skylar saved their father's bacon so that it could be served at their family reunion.
addison did not want to please kendall so he gave her a sandwich instead.
Madelyn was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron ran some tests on his patient, Kendall because she was very ill.
Cameron had a big paper due later in the week, so Cameron put pen to paper.
Sasha is an athlete.  She rides her bike everywhere, whenever possible.
Skylar set the mouse free and hoped it would be ok.
Riley bore himself pain at the gym with the weights.
Addison told Jordan a rumor about someone, so Jordan told them what Addison had said.
Skylar was taking a test, but he went to the night club instead of studing for the test.
Skyler lie at Quinn's feet after Quinn punched Skyler hard in the face.
Austin asked Sydney whom they would like see this weekend, since Austin hated Amy, Sydney's other friend. Austin made Sydney choose.
Sasha took him to vegas for a vacation.
Bailey killed the fly in the kitchen with a stone.
Alex went to their son's game. They took delight in their son.
Tracy had goals of retiring young. Tracy started a business.
Kai was a race car driver and enjoyed winning many racing matches last year.
Skylar interests Riley a lot because she was very pretty.
Casey rolled onto Taylor's back while they were play fighting on the floor.
The friends and Jesse had lunch together and it was a great time.
Bailey asked where Jesse was going but did not get a response.
Jesse went on vacation to Disney World again the next year, after their first trip there.
Remy was walking in the park and approached a girl in the park.
tracy was hiding something, so austin decided to open tracy's locker wide.
Alex lived nearby in Casey's area, away from the gated community.
Sasha sang at work when it came to a guests' birthday.
Jesse placed the music sheet in his hands and began to sing a song.
Lee had a nasty divorce but met someone nice a year later, and was happily married shortly after.
Robin became angry and then broke Quinn's glasses in a fit of rage.
kendall never got his brake pedal replaced and lost control of his bike.
Jordan had come up with many ideas and then he decided he would reproduce his idea in this book.
Addison collected Casey's thoughts. Casey didn't think Addison would go along with it.
Aubrey is a reclusive writer. Despite rarely giving interviews or revealing anything about their personal life, Carson became an expert on Aubrey.
Tracy was a cat that was trying to catch its prey. Tracy caught a bird.
Austin built Quinn's house and it turned out really nice.
Tracy gave Casey a gift for being a good friend.
Austin pulled Taylor closer.  They kissed passionately.
Skylar showed their teeth to show he was very aggressive.
Sasha gave Riley's mom a birthday card. Sasha made Riley's mom happy.
Alex took Cameron to see the exhibit Cameron was dying to see. After, Alex surprised Cameron with a romantic dinner at Cameron's favorite restaurant.
cameron ran into a kitten and gave him some treats.
Alex increased their power by 200% after training with weights for two years.
Jordan flashed lights at their friend and got a wave because of this.
Remy passed them quickly and took first place in the marathon after training for months.
Robin found fault with Remy not having self confidence so complemented them.
Jesse stopped at a restaurant and sat down to order some breakfast.
Sasha downloaded the app for the website they really liked.
Sydney finally beat her friend at Dr. Mario after weeks of pratice.
Ash appeared out of nowhere to help when everyone was falling from the bridge.
Taylor floated down the river with a group of friends on inter-tubes.
Cameron is a good painter.  They used watercolors to make a painting.
Bailey wanted to quit working and retire and had their retirement planned.
quinn was a night person so she got a job where she worked nights.
Tracy saw Kai standing there by himself and decided to go talk to him.
Jordan was proctoring the test and helped Alex by whispering the answer to him.
Jesse hit their head on the ground and woke up about an hour later.
casey was in vietnam when quinn suddenly crossed his mind.
Santiago was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jordan told their parents that Addison had been very rude to him and what she had said.
SKylar went to Jan's birthday party and gave her a gift.
Quinn's mother was in surgery.  Quinn rushed to the hospital.
Addison kept asking Sydney about dinner plans because she knew Becky asked Sydney to go to Applebees but Sydney denied having any plans.
Casey desperately wanted to say something to Ralph when his sister died.
Ash elicited a response from Jesse after they had a fight.
When they got the job as a dance instructor, Casey bought appropriate shoes immediately.
Remy dated his girlfriend after spending a whole year asking her out.  Ramy´s girlfriend finally said yes and they have been together for two years now.
Aubrey couldn't find their shirt so Aubrey went into Ash's room to look for it.
Remy had planned on singing at the reception but was sick so Carson sung Remy's songs.
Quinn and Alex are co-workers. Quinn repeatedly asks Alex's help to complete the project. Alex doesn't seem to want to help but Quinn pushes Alex to cooperate.
Taylor used Tracy's favorite expression. She looked at him and then smiled.
Lee ran a half marathon and decided to get a massage to recover.  Kendall was her masseuse who stretched her legs to reduce the tension.
Austin was walking along the beach with their daughter. They carried Casey along the way.
Tracy defrayed them in connection with crime if that weren't enough.
Carson responded with writing a comment online, after he thought about what to say.
Alex worked with his hands all day long making wooden toys.
alex was going to be paid handsomely so he wrote lee's essay.
Austin wanted to start selling things on eBay.
Addison put Kendall's  cost-cutting ideas into action.
Taylor bought a ticket to a movie and went with a friend.
Riley needed milk from the store, but didn't want to go so they sent Jordan's son.
Alex sought help for his imaginary problems.
Remy wanted to see if Quinn was really sleep, so Remy blinked Quinn's eyes.
Taylor got angry and busted a cap in someone's head.
Jesse collapsed on top of Carson because she was so tired after a long days work.
Everything made Sydney scared about her health. Sydney concentrated on the lines in her hands thinking that it may be cancer.
Ash decided to make breakfast and made eggs and bacon.
aubrey wanted to hear tracy's explanation so she followed tracy into the room.
Bailey watched news all day and decided to do something more fun.
Jordan used Carson's array because he lost his earlier this month and forgot to get another.
Riley saved Jan's life. and his girl friends life.
Quinn was on his feet all day and was anxious to get home for dinner.
Sasha said they would send information over but forgot to send it.
Ash used Aubrey's car to go to the store because her's was in shop.
Alex was the bouncer at the bar that kai went to. Alex allowed Kai to enter even though she is underage.
Carson couldn't bring all their things when they moved so Skylar packed up their things for them.
Cameron moved to a new town after getting a new job and settled into a small house near their new work.
Ash held the cross in the church and took it down from the wall for a few minutes.
Sasha settled with Bailey.  They became friends again.
Taylor granted Riley permission to dance since he could not because of an injury.
At the end of the church service, Taylor quickly drove home because of the lateness.
Jesse bought a car with the money and drove it around town for a few hours.
Remy didn't know it but they were going to receive an award.
Riley treated the girls to dinner after they won the girl's soccer championship.
Remy bought a new jacket and put it in their closet and never wore it.
Cameron took their mom to the mall and bought them all some clothes.
Riley preached the gospel to every creature even though the neighbors got sick and tired of hearing it.
Cameron got lost in the maze at the country park but after wandering around for a long time Cameron found a way out.
Jesse change Asher's diaper wh he pooped in it.
Alex didn't pay their rent and was eventually evicted from Lee's apartment.
Jordan reproduced the theory in his textbook and won the science fair.
Sydney took awhile to decide what she wanted to do, and eventually Sydney became a nurse.
Robin went to tell Austin the news about their job.
After hours of hard work, Riley deciphered a word's meaning within context.
Lee took Remy to the bathroom slowly and carefully in the middle of the night.
Quinn was sleeping on their stomach, so Kendall kissed Quinn's neck.
Riley was having issues with their health, so Riley started hiking.
Jesse had a fight with her boyfriend.  Therefore, Kai got Jesse together with her boyfriend to resolve their problem.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from the dance because Alex was too drunk to drive.
Kai let their children go into the water to swim at the pool.
Remy put Jan's toy away because they were done playing.
Bailey had ran the marathon and just finished and got home Jordan settled Bailey on the settee and removed Bailey's shoes.
Remy gave Casey a lot of money from the sales.
Sasha had much previous experience with the type of project her manager gave the team.
Lee was annoyed with the teacher and didn't like what was said.
Bailey had to put Taylor's desk in front of the class.
Sydney had a few too many drinks and let slip about the surprise party.
Jordan screwed the pooch by ignoring him when he had to go out.
Quinn game new clients after her rival got arrested.
Tracy was relieved that her friend was alright.  She knew that Aubrey almost died.
Ash gave some money to her friend Jan to pay for some of her groceries.
Kendall waved their hand back at the crowd when they cheered.
Seeing the road ahead of them as flooded, Riley pulled over to safety.
Carson was upset about a recent breakup. Jan tried to comfort Carson by changing the subject.
Bailey used their wit to control the rest of the kids in her class.
It was my 18th birthday on Friday. Jordan took me out to eat.
Addison decided to call the manager until Skylar's office because Skylar wanted to talk about a promotion and a raise.
carson was a abusive person so he grabbed quinn's wrist.
Carson gave Riley the idea and told Riley he was welcome to use it.
Lee met Carson in person and really like him a lot.
In a act of rage about his test scores, Casey destroyed all tests.
Quinn selected another assignment but she was not looking forward to doing any of them due to the challenging nature of them.
Lee took a test and got a very good grade in their class.
Kai was laid off from his manufactoring job after working there for many years.
Kai went out with friends to celebrate. When leaving, Kai asked the waiter for the check for all.
Remy asked Kendall out on a date to a movie together and she said yes.
Remy made their hair softer by using a fancy conditioner.
Skylar bought a new trumpet for her band and decided to practice with it.
Skylar became a millionaire after coming up with an invention that sold well.
Casey asked Jesse to consult on their business plan.  Jesse increased Casey's profits.
Riley stared at Sasha with jealous eyes as she walked hand in hand with Bill.
Cameron crossed that line when he came to it and saved the townspeople from harm.
Addison gave the money to her so she can buy a new dress.
Cameron told Ash's son that he was his father.
Austin told their friends at the house party that they saw another ghost.
Jordan took part in the main discussions in order to impress their teacher.
Jesse took first place in the 100meters race at sports day and got a medal and a certificate.
Casey got another luxury car and drove it a lot.
Taylor gave the dog it's food because he had been barking at the bowl on the floor.
Cameron saw Remy's dad in the crowd but as they approached they noticed Remy's dad was with another woman.
Kai acted in a different way after he found Quinn cheating on him.
Lee was handed a plate full of spaghetti but didn't want it. Lee pushed it back.
Bailey turned Aubrey away from the ride because she wasn't allowed.
Jan didn't like vegetables but her mom said she couldn't have dessert unless she ate them. Jan ate the vegetables.
Taylor drove home from work one afternoon in his new car.
Ash was getting irritated by Kendall and wanted her to leave.
Quinn was lonely so he decided one day to get a dog.
Remy was a star student in her class, and knew everything on the test.
Addison gave their dogs some water so they would feel better and be happier.
Cameron played pranks on the kids and one of them got hurt really badly.
Casey took friends to Florida with her because she didn't want to be alone.
Lee met Carson in person yesterday and was pleased that they got along well.
Ash turned his head a saw a very pretty woman enter the room.  He wanted to get to know her, but she was so beautiful, he felt intimidated.
Robin was dating their partner for a year, so they decided it was time to move in together.
Addison had seen all she needed to see, her opinions were already formed.
Riley was at the park and stared at Sasha with timid eyes.
Quinn booed the mime that was doing a good job  off the stage.
Riley led Quinn astray and Quinn was lost in the giant and cold forest.
Carson kept hold of the number of people in the room.
Cameron was waiting in line with Bailey's friend. Cameron turned and talked to Bailey's friend while they waited.
Alex nearly drowned while swimming at the lake.
Kai was hiding in the garage as she did illegal drugs.
Aubrey tried to impress her and then got Kendall to go on a date with her.
When it got to to the scary part of the movie Tracy forced Jan to close her eyes.
Sydney went to the county fair for the first time and rode the Ferris wheel.
Jesse went away for christmas to spend it with their family back home.
Sasha was running late for school. Sasha ran a stop sign.
Quinn became Taylor's pal by buying her a giant diamond ring.
Alex got out of the cage that a person had put them in forcefully.
Jan wiped their mouth after dinner and Austin did the dishes.
Jordan volunteered to stand by the grocery store and register voters on a tablet.
kai was a avid reader so he read another novel.
Robin took Cameron's examination for him since he was sick at home.
Because they had a big test in the morning, Carson got plenty of rest.
Quinn played games on Kai's computer because Kai had left to run errands.
Jesse took the bus to work for his first time and got to work late and dirty.
Addison had gone to therapy for a while to reflect on strengths and weaknesses.
Aubrey wanted to take Quinn out, she was to say the time best for her.
Cameron gave Alex a peck on the hand and a suggestive wink to them.
Aubrey was entered in the world best spelling bee and they wanted to win badly so they practiced for weeks and weeks.
Carson invited Taylor to their house as their date was finishing up.
Casey ran the cases of soda back to the yard when she arrived home for the party.
Addison donated money to charity because she supported the cause of the charity.
Aubrey educated their children to not be bullies and to stand up to bullying if they saw it.
Robin forced himself upon Casey and Casey decided to call the police about it.
Sydney left a note before borrowing a car from their friend.
Quinn made his point and soon went to the mall to get the new headphones.
Ash went to the lake in the woods and fished for trout and bass.
Austin sent the girl to school to learn what she needed to learn.
Austin shared their cookie with their friend. Their friend loved to eat cookies.
Ash took Kai's medicine today to try and feel better.
Alex got food on the way home and hurried to arrive.
Cameron played games on Skylar's phone till he got bored.
Remy met Riley's neighbors and they both had a big cup of tea with cookies.
Aubrey insulted Sasha for no reason.  Sasha gave Audrey a bad look.
Ash is a fashion design student at her local university. Before her final fashion exam, Ash bought clothes at a store.
Ash was in their house, and opened their screen door to let their friend inside.
Alex entered a bodybuilding competition.  Alex slowly worked out the deep chest muscles and biceps muscles.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the weather to him over the phone since it has been a long time since he had seen snow.
Addison took advantage of the people closest to her in order to succeed.
Jan showed a picture of Austin's face to the police officer when he was missing.
Sydney is sick and stayed home from work all day today.
Alex sent the boy to their room after the boy had a temper tantrum at the store.
Taylor worked overtime and created a more efficient system for Jordan.
Bailey wasn't feeling good so Austin was kind to Bailey.
Remy offered to help with the party for her child's class at school.
Bailey put the kids in their car to drive to the grocery store.
Lee saw a snake in Ash's yard and threw a bucket over it.
Addison felt like a man after lifting weights even a man couldn't lift.
Jan thought it looked pretty dumb from the previews, but Jan actually enjoyed the movie.
Robin had an experiment in class and Alex designed it for Robin.
No matter how much Skylar practiced he was still bad at the game.
Bailey failed her test the first time around, but their teacher Jan gave them another chance.
Carson and Jan are in a relationship. Carson dictates everything Jan does.
bailey got pregnant from a drug dealer, so sydney told bailey's grandma.
Taylor was involved in a bank robbery with other people.
Carson asked my mom if I could play and she told him that he wasn't welcome.
Riley defied every law even after he was arrested and jailed.
Quinn required Alex's help to succeed in his project.
Robin put them to the test to see if they were capable of winning.
addison had nothing else to do for the weekend so he watched the film.
Lee's pet ran away on him when he opened the door.
alex had a business spirit so he opened his own store.
Riley distributed the silverware evenly throughout the company warehouse.
Kendall knew Sydney was depressed, so she prevented Sydney from jumping off the bridge.
Ash got smacked in the face with the soccer ball during yesterdays game, but it didn't phase him.
Jesse thanked the foundation for the grant she needed to apply to her environmental project.
Remy put cream on Lee's face with SPF 15 so they would not sunburn so easy.
Bailey pointed their finger at them with an accusatory stare. Now they finally knew who had been stealing their lunches.
Kendall worked for their own salvation so she could save others.
Riley had a very bad cold that blocked her nose, she wanted to get home and pick her nose.
Bailey is the President of the club.  Bailey provided financial support to members.
Ash hopped around on one foot as they clutched their other foot in their hands.
Cameron conducted an experiment to make a determination about a scientific question.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree more water after they saw it needed it.
Robin called for repentance after she had sinned so badly.
Taylor found out Jan had been cheating on him, so he kicked her out.
kendall signed them up for lessons even though they had no interest in doing it.
Austin had a snowball fight with his family on the first day of snow.
Skylar took an offensive stance when her friends asked if she'd stolen the laptop.
Robin celebrated her favorite holiday of arbor day by planted a new tree in the backyard.
Aubrey asked Tracy questions regarding politics. Tracy thinks Aubrey is knowledgeable on the subject.
Riley gave everybody access to the school classroom.
Quinn was going to move out of town, so Casey threw Quinn a party.
Alex was a very through and careful tutor who was helping Quinn make vast improvements.
Carson played basketball at school for a few hours each day to get better.
Taylor put his hand in front of his face while digging for his glasses because the sun was very bright.
Jordan looked sad eating lunch alone, so Alex sat beside Jordan.
Sydney always wore clothes that were too big for her. Riley made fun of Sydney ever day at recess.
During the important corporate meeting, Cameron gave every speech for the company.
Skylar accidentally got her friend in trouble an apologized repeatedly for the mistake.
sydney was boerd so she fed their dog.
Bailey asked Remy if he would like to go to the dance with her.
Kendall liked to bend the truth from time to time. Kendall told Aubrey tall tales.
After listening to bad investment advice from a friend, Jesse lost every cent.
Taylor wanted to write in the scholarly format that her professor Jesse instructed her to do.
Sasha got in the back seat of her friends car so that they could drive and she could follow the map on her phone.
Bailey was coming home from work and stopped at a store.
Quinn planned to move his furniture but needed Alex's help to complete the task.
Skylar got a letter that said she was accepted for the executive job.
Jordan is planning to make a meal for their family for the holidays.
Quinn bought a burger on his lunch break.
Remy came to visit Jan while they were at work.
Addison went flying after receiving her pilot's license.
Aubrey wanted to have a serious talk with Jesse, so Aubrey told Jesse to sit down.
Skylar followed her everywhere and they were always in love with eachother.
Jesse loved to play football, and they thought they had the skills to go professional.
Remy wrapped Quinn's arms around her to feel safe and secure.
Ash found out about Taylor´s grade and  asked Taylor to call him as soon as possible before it is too late.
Tracy attended every concert in the area because she was a supporter of local music.
Bailey anticipated every possible problem because she could not control her worrying.
Ash accidentally left Bailey's phone behind when they exited the bus.
Alex called Quinn his father although Quinn was not Alex's biological father, but had adopted him.
Taylor found Cameron's seats empty though Cameron clearly claimed to be in the seat and Taylor worried that the show would start soon.
Casey returned to Jordan's room because she wanted to resolve the conflict.
Addison and the other boys wanted to build 10 boat, Addison wanted to finish first.
Zoe was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan gave Addison her orders and wanted to make sure the campaign was over.
sydney was a generous person so she gave money away.
Ash asked Casey anything on the subject of math to see if he really knew his stuff.
Skylar met their requirements and ended up getting hired for the job.
Remy was trying to save money while they were attending college nearby.
Taylor agreed to go with Jan on a walk to provide some much needed company since Jan was feeling down.
Cameron practiced for many days and was finally able to beat the high score.
Jan took Austin's pants to the cleaners and they got the mustard stain out.
Robin told her friends the news that they were going to have a baby.
Jordan's friends asked him if he wanted to go to the game with them and he said ok.
Jordan turned the car to the right to avoid the person on the bike.
Riley always played fair, but was a tough professor at the university.
Alex was the new student teacher for Carson's math class.
kendall was a person who kept her word so she got my money the other day.
Robin gave them money and they went to the cafe for some lunch.
austin bought a drink for everyone at the bar because they had won money.
Robin saved her husband by pulling him in from the sea and giving him mouth to mouth.
Lee and his brother saw the robber leave the bank but they kept their lips sealed.
After Kai assaulted Kendall with murderous intent, Kendall ended Kai life.
Remy saw a car turn the corner as he ran home.
Aubrey thought Jesse was sick but Jesse was faking it all along.
Bailey went to the store about bought everything Kendall needed.
Casey understood Jesse's feelings about being cut from the basketball team.
Taylor saved the patient's life after working on them for hours.
Sydney was responsible for cropping all photographs submitted by clients.
Bailey tried out Remy's experiment in class for their project.
Ash played basketball with his friend every week for a year.
Jesse did a better job on her homework this semester.
Jordan made their rounds in the mail room at work.
Even though Alex had a long day at work, there was more to do at home because Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner.
Lee was running outside and twisted their ankle.
Casey helped anyone in trouble and one day it came handy during an emergency.
A masked man with a gun broke into the bank and demanded money so Jordan gave him something.
In order to understand why Skylar was so bitter about life, Kendall decided to walk a mile in their shoes.
Alex would eventually pass after all that hard studying.
Jan found time to spend with her friends after being busy all month.
Lee was seeing another person, so Lee turned Skylar's affections away.
Jesse went out for coffee last week with some co-workers. Jesse's team has a large project due soon and to complete it everyone must do their part.
Jan ran out of fruit for her smoothie every morning. Jan went to the store to buy some fruit.
Taylor saw Austin for the first time after returning from the war.
Quinn walked to the grocery store even though is was raining cats and dogs.
quinn was in the military so she bought food at low prices.
Remy gave Skylar anything she wanted in order to please her.
Casey gets dressed because they will go out to eat.
Sasha got ready to go out and decided to bring a jacket.
Alex had a fable for her that explained a lot of what was happening in the world.
Addison sailed the boat but had to call for help when the motor stalled.
Addison was caught by the police after dropping their identification on the ground when running away.
Addison carried Riley away when they passed out at the bar.
Robin went to his cabin in the woods and devoted himself to writing.
Casey wore a hat to class and was told to take it off.
Casey's pool was not kept up properly every year, so now it leaks water.
Jan, the boss, wanted to celebrate getting a new client, so Jan took their co-workers out to a fancy restaurant for lunch.
Sydney let a secret slip that didn't belong to her and she knew was going to be in trouble if Riley finds out.
Jan accused Lee of cheating after Lee won first place in the championship.
Carson held it together and got a lot of praise for this act.
Tracy brought Austin to the god father that had a terrible reputation.
Carson played soccer in the park and had a good time winning the game.
Alex wiped Remy's eye with a tissue because they were crying for hours.
Sasha browsed Addison's collection of rare and precious art paintings.
Carson loved Cameron a lot, but Cameron decided to break up with Carson over the argument.
Taylor and Austin were kissing in the driveway. Taylor bit Austin's lips in the process.
Addison covered their eyes with their hands to ward off the morning light.
Others knew Bailey was wanted by the police. Bailey drove slowly around town.
Riley taught them how to fish so that they could have dinner.
Tracey was playing volleyball and served the ball to the other team.
Sasha felt a lot of pressure at work and at home so they purchased a gun from the store.
Tracy was watching how to make bread in the kitchen. Tracy decided to assist in the bread making herself.
Taylor hated the piece of art she made and tore it all apart.
Casey never followed anyone's advice about her work.
Tracy was dying after being shot so Addison held Tracy in her arms until the police arrived.
Casey saw a mouse in their home and chased it away with a broom.
Ash loved playing soccer and Joined with a team to play the sport.
Taylor blew the crowd away by singing better than any of the contestants.
Bailey joined forces with the others and they fought back against the powerful army.
Skylar's sibling Kai had a cold. Skylar cooked for Kai while they convalesced.
Alex outlived their usefulness at his current job and decided to move on.
Jesse shared Jordan's love for cats and asked her to a cat cafe.
Robin was introducing his brother Jordan to his new girlfriend and Jordan made a good first impression by telling jokes.
Robin bet their friend that they could drink the whole gallon of water that day.
Ash is a member of the Skylar family, and they are going on a camping trip next weekend.
if jesse went homeless robin would help jesse.
Casey performed her duties with Jan and they did a very good job.
Sydney worked hard and did well in the business, getting a promotion soon after starting at a new company.
Alex promised Addison a new cat for their birthday.
Bailey saw her friend in the window and invited her over.
A criminal was in the house, Kai went for the juglar using his knife.
Robin was really tired after watching all the kids Saturday night.
Austin road Jesse's bike but it was wobbly and he fell and busted his knee open.
Taylor was at work and emailed her boss Lee back.
Riley took the baby to the park, she walked to get a drink and left Lee holding the baby.
Tracy bought a new soccer ball and brought it to their home with them.
Kendall frightened the children away by yelling at them while they were on her yard.
Aubrey took Robin's money and ran away to another city.
bailey was overwhelmed so he asked his neighbor for help with the garden trolls.
Tracy played football with their friends and lost both games.
jesse needed to learn something so she visited her parents.
remy was a understanding man so he gave sydney plenty of time to get ready for their date.
Jesse called Carson's friend to tell her about the game that night.
Kendall took his dog home soon. He was close with his dog.
Jesse was finally confident about his writing and published every book.
Addison wore sunscreen at the beach because she didn't want to get burnt.
Sydney had a lot of work to do and very little time to do it.
Alex is a professional athlete.  He bet some strangers that he could win a race and won.
Riley got Robin a business opportunity that would make her a lot of money.
Cameron went to the store and bought some items that they needed.
Jan took Kendall to the doctor to get a check up for school.
Cameron always wanted to go to the dump. Cameron thought they might find something interesting.
Sydney could not find her keys and she made a big deal about it.
Jesse put radish earrings on to continue the Luna Lovegood costume.
Cameron hit it from behind and had to pay a lot of money to repair it.
Despite wanting to be kept a secret, Lee made their name known.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants up but did not ask Tracy if it was okay to do so.
austin called sydney last night to tell them what to do the next day.
Kendall cooked steak for Riley's family which made a really good impression.
robin just bought a new car so she took it around the neighborhood to show off.
Lee felt cramped on Jan's line and had to call later that day.
Ash had a water pipe burst so she hadn't showered for days, she smelled.
Cameron felt the torn muscle in Robin's leg and suggested that they have an MRI to confirm the injury.
Alex read Sydney's works and showed a lot of enjoyment.
Jan was better improved at the game then they were last year.
Robin asked Remy for Alex's number and remy gave it to him.
Jan was sent to the principal's office after yelling at the teacher.
Sasha was getting hungry so they ordered pizza.
Sasha raised a hand while she was in english class.
Cameron's mother had been up late the night before. Cameron took the subway to school.
Lee drove home Casey's kids after their school soccer practice.
Remy was on a first date with Jordan, alone in their apartmen,t when they saw lust in Jordan's eyes.
Jan received Sasha's payment for all of the goods.
Addison performed their duty to the best of their abilities.
Sydney met up with skylar and took both of Skylar's kids to the new lego movies.
Robin broke ground using a tractor that he just learned to operate.
Bailey put on their roller skates while at the skating rink.
Riley rescued Jan before she had an accident.
Robin had broken glass stuck in his leg so he rushed to the emergency room.
After being happily married for ten years, Austin had three children.
Jan played volleyball in high school and continued playing through college.
Bailey studied biology at the university and was very studious.
Carson paid Skylar's expenses moving forward so that Skylar would not have to go into her pocket.
Skylar spent the beautiful day at the beach with all of their friends and family.
After several frustrating nights, Quinn decided to put water in the mechanical machine, and it finally worked after not being usable for six months.
Riley gave Aubrey orders and expected them to obey.
Jesse told Lee's story to all the people Lee told them not to tell.
Jesse faced every kind of evil person. There are pure evil people in this world.
Jordan converted the village to Christianity after he visited there on a trip.
Sasha worked really hard that day and slept all night.
Austin reached their goals before the deadline and moved onto the next project enthusiastically.
Kai wiped Sydney's tears and tried to fix Sydney's makeup with a tissue.
Sasha was happy to see that upon arriving home to find her front door locked as it had been when she had left the house early that morning.
Sometimes sea animals could be seen on the cruise, so Tracy hoped she would see the dolphins.
Aubrey shaded Kai's eyes from the sun's bright blast yesterday at Yellowstone National Park.
Skylar read the paper out loud and all the children listened to the story.
Robin saw that they were having a hard time so she came and helped.
Aubrey asked the girl to move because they sat on Aubrey's chair.
Riley started drinking it immediately and it took a minute to drink the full cup.
Sasha told Riley's mom hello when she dropped Riley home after school.
Tracy layered their cards on the table feeling confident that she won the game.
Jan played football professionally because they were scouted as a senior in high school.
Taylor listed the plot for sale and finally sold Jordan's land.
Remy changed their character in order to be a more understanding person.
Kai created an app to play a game from any location.
lee was a comforting person so he reached out to alex's hand.
Lee completed all their work for the day early and had extra time.
Kendall banged Tracy's head on the table after yelling at them for burning the steak.
Sasha expected Riley to attack back but they turned their cheek instead.
Robin didn't want Lee to know that they had touched their things.
Lee ate Alex's breakfast when Alex slept in and missed breakfast.
Kendall told Aubrey many tales. Few of them were true.
Carson got along with bailey very well because they had a lot in common and wanted to be friends.
Kendall felt their pulse in their throat and had to go to the doctor to check this out.
Jordan wanted to make appetizers for his guests. Robin gave Jordan a recipe that is easy to understand.
Taylor saw Kai skipping school and she told Kai's parents about it.
Carson finally hit it and won the baseball game for his team.
Bailey loved their parents dearly and got them some cruise tickets for a great vacation.
Addison set sail for Jordan's island on her brand new sailboat.
Kai invited a few friends over to her house to celebrate her boyfriend's birthday.
Alex ran all the way home so that he could get the money from his mom to buy ice cream from the ice cream truck.
Riley understood Sasha's wishes and did the catering for her wedding just as she wished.
Riley soaked the laundry they were doing for Taylor to get it extra clean.
Riley and Robin went out to a club. Riley met a handsome man.
Riley brought Quinn forward to introduce him to his friends.
Sasha was embarassed that she had spilled the food all over. Sasha wanted the moment to end right now.
After being asked for weeks, Lee finally taught Aubrey to play the piano.
Jordan got sick to their stomach yesterday after dinner.
Casey is out to eat with family. Casey orders fried okra.
Remy set the turtle on land so it could walk away.
Taylor got ready for the date and the others stayed home to babysit for him.
Austin picked up some rocks from outside and threw them around the yard.
Kendall hugged and thanked Sasha's parents for donating to the fundraiser.
Jan was looking for Addison but couldn't find her so she went to Addison's friend's house.
remy was a normal man and so he dated them for 3 years.
Kendall was late for work Monday because she got lost on the way.
Cameron bought some candy at the store to eat.
Skylar was in a bear attack and was hurt badly afterwards.
Quinn forgot that it was a school day so she sent Robin to school.
Aubrey distinguished them from terms by following the examples that she was taught.
Jesse told Lee a bedtime story to calm them down before bed tonight.
Taylor watched basketball and really enjoyed having a relaxing day off.
Ash had no car.  Carson agreed to take Ash to school.
Jordan wanted to lose some extra weight. Jordan ate more healthily.
Jordan tied up all the loose ends at the butcher shop, so Jordan headed to the payphone.
Carson invited Taylor to their house. Taylor gladly accepted the offer from Carson.
Taylor woke up the next day and regretted going to the party.
Carson threw a bone to their dog as hard as he could trying to hurt the dog.
Alex wanted to get to the water fountain first. Alex pushed Quinn away.
Sasha expected Riley to attack her but they ended up being really nice.
Jesse learned to play a musical instrument really well and became a member of a famous group.
Sydney replied back before thinking through their answer, and ended up rambling nonsensically for several minutes.
Aubrey arranged Alex's interview and called to let him know the details.
Tracy was the commander of Lee army.
Riley followed good morals and principles when trying to live their life.
Kendall brought the war with Tracy to an end. With one glourious signing of the peace treaty.
Jordan gave Casey an example of what not to do on a date.
Quinn was making better money than they ever made before. Quinn had a new job that they loved.
Alex expressed their desire for them through unorthodox ways and means.
Casey fell in love with a particular porcelain which she calls a goddess.
Kendall thought Aubrey was unintelligent and would believe anything so she told her tall tales.
Kai exchanges insurance information with them in exchange for money as per the agreement.
Taylor acted as Remy's agent in the business deal so that he would be treated fairly.
kendall was bored so she played football with ash's dad for a few hours.
Riley understood why Sasha was mad and wanted to make it up to her.
Austin saw a man with a sign asking for money, so Austin gave the man a dollar.
Sasha sent her daughter to college and then planned a visit to see her.
Remy brought Skylar together with him because they were a good fit and would hit it off.
Tracy gathered Remy's things up that were left in the library.
Jan was selling unusual kitchen products and could tell Robin wa interested.
Remy did something he shouldn't have done. Remy needed to tell Austin the truth.
Remy wanted to have a nice garden, so they decided to grow flowers.
After studying long and hard for the exam, Sasha made an A on their test.
Taylor thought well of Jesse after Jesse helped them out of a troubling event.
Sasha looked at their friend Casey and told them that all would be well.
Skylar put things in the right direction at the office party.
Austin shifted the attention away from himself and onto his friend.
Carson played truth or dare with his best friend, revealing some personal secrets.
Jesse wanted to make some money and decided to shovel snow out of the driveway which Jesse's parents would pay for.
Kendall went on a field trip with their class, and they father Remy came along.
Austin touched Riley's arm in a sexual way because he had a crush on Riley.
Kai kept Kendall's hands at their sides to show them how to march properly.
Jordan runs a small coffee shop downtown. One day, Sasha went to the cafe and tried Jordan's coffee.
Jordan accidentally started an oven fire that filled the room with smoke, so Jordan removed the odor as soon as possible before guests arrived.
Sydney was at a friend's house and wanted bread. Sydney used their flour to make bread for everyone.
Sydney went to the local shop and after assessing the ones on offer, they bought a replacement microwave.
Austin packed their car before they left on the trip.
Jordan's mom made a strange looking dinner. Jordan refused to eat it.
Casey was going through a divorce so Casey hired Aubrey, an attorney.
Austin earned their bread through persistence and hard work.
Jan performed the dance well.
Bailey pointed Riley in the right direction to take to get the post of the manager.
While Casey and Jesse were working on a math problem together, Casey made an error and Jesse corrected it.
Lee met the nation's leader after taking a trip there to learn more about the country.
aubrey had memorized the song so he decided to sing it.
Skylar told Lee to bring something to eat at the office where they worked.
Aubrey tried to get along with them so that everyone would be in a good mood.
Carson pulled the car away and got it into a car shop for repairs.
Ash finally sold Casey's house for them which they wanted to do for years.
Kendall went to the store and bought some flour for cookies she was making.
Skylar followed her everywhere until she ended up snapping and telling Skylar to leave her alone.
Audrey got their girlfriend from school, but she broke up with them right after.
Taylor called Sydney to ask if she would like to go out.
Kendall brought the war to an end with Tracy when he realized Tracy was his best friend.
Taylor put the ingredients in and started to boil them.
Aubrey awaited Cameron's answer about what they wanted to do tonight.
Sydney diagnosed Riley with a sinus infection and wrote a prescription.
Sydney pulled a face as Robin and Robin assumed what Sydney's expression meant and Robin thought it wasnt good.
Ash couldn't stand her boyfriend anymore. He is too obsessive about her and Ash cannot breath.
Eleanor was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha declared war on Russia in the board game with friends.
Carson suffered a loss at the hands of the enemy which made everyone much less confident in his skills.
Austin did not let anyone come to the party cause he was very depressed.
Remy went to the bank and put some money into their new account.
Quinn nodded her head in agreement just so that the argument would come to an end.
Although they could not see anything without them, Robin tried and find her glasses.
Tracy needed paint to make the picture complete, since they were missing blues and reds.
Ash left the house for the better and did not go back.
Addison took off long ago to meet them there.
Remi was having a baby shower in few weeks, so Remy invited all their friends and family.
Looking at beautiful antiques in the shop, Ash accidentally bumped them and they fell to the floor.
Skylar and Sydney were workmates for the longest time. They had worked together so much that, after Sydney's accident, Skylar spoke Sydney's mind often these days. It just took so much energy for Sydney to talk.
Austin starts school next week in a new city after he moved away from his friends.
Remy was playing soccer against several smaller players. Remy knocked them to the ground.
Jan put Quinn's money in the bank so it will get interest and grow over time.
Jordan set Carson free after many years in captivity.
Robin went on a plan and finally made it to the airport.
cameron was a good friend so he passed taylor law notes.
Alex quickly opened the jar to find some rare coins inside.
Remy started to hurt a lot after getting hit by a car.
During a test, Skylar caught Quinn peeking at his homework book which had corrections because the questions were the same.
Carson surprised Kendall with a party after Kendall told him he hated surprises.
Jesse found some cash and put it into their bank account that they had just opened up.
Cameron played games outside. They loved to play outdoors.
Sydney enjoyed last night's meal. It was incredibly delicious and worth the money.
Bailey misbehaved and defecated in the house, so Jan inflicted pain on her and sent her to the kennel.
Jordan helped feed the hungry by raising food for many charities.
Quinn married soon after proposing to their fiance because they were eager to get started with their lives.
Bailey helped everyone as much as they could.
Addison is Kendall's aide and will do anything for Kendall.
Alex governed every person with an iron fist and irrational justice system.
Casey lived 20 miles away from Kai. Casey cared for Kai's children.
Jesse forgave the man for his unkind words and the man immediately apologized profusely.
Jan bullies Bailey's sister,Robin, everyday on the playfround. Bailey told Jan to leave Robin alone.
Kendall dug a hole to bury her dog who passed away yesterday.
Remy paid for Kendall's way to the holiday lodge in the country.
Austin attained their objectives very quickly as plannned.
Tracy wanted to hear the guilty verdict on the criminal who assaulted her.
Skylar came in to work for Jesse. Skylar attended to Jesse's duties.
Robin felt seasick after boarding the boat to go fishing.
Cameron got stuck in the elevator in his apartment building.
Jesse returned the phone to the store after it broke at work.
Sydney lived with Carson's parents because hers died in a car accidnet.
Riley push Casey's fingers in the door jamb after they got into a fight over the remote control.
Wanting to set the record straight over everything, Tracy asked Lee to meet them.
Tracy wanted to be seen as a good student at school.
Skylar used Jesse for certain purposes which suited her financially and personally.
Tracy thought they might want to eat so they spend a lot time cooking in the kitchen.
Austin traced back the footprints of his dog.
Jesse was hanging out with Ash and decided to tell her secret.
alex was a outdoors person so he always walked home.
Taylor had the best grades in school, then she got thrown out of school for drinking at a party and things went from bad to worse.
Bailey put the luggage in their car to get ready to leave for the airport.
Jordan kept Sydney's head from getting hurt by holding her head up and looking for danger.
remy just got hired and had questions so he brought papers into work.
Jordan told their friend what Addison had said behind their back.
Ash wanted to go with his friend Skylar to a theme park and have fun.
Bailey asked if Jesse was going and was pleased to find out he was.
Lee is a burglar who is very good at what they do. Lee cover their tracks well so no one can find their foot prints.
Skylar had her first dance coming up so she went dress shopping.
Aubrey was cutting Addison's hair and gave them a bob hairstyle.
Riley thanked you for Bailey's letter, which came as a surprise to me.
Ash went home the champion after winning the race last weekend.
Bailey worked at night and went to the store early in the morning.
Quinn enjoys working with stones and has created a beautiful pattern around their fish pond. Quinn recently replaced a broken rock with one that fit the space exactly.
After a long drive from her house Jordan got there.
Jesse brought the show to a close with an uplifting, crowdpleasing number that received a standing ovation.
Remy was in a wrestling match against Robin. Remy gave Robin the feeling of fear.
Casey had been studying the Bible and converted to Christianity.
Jan had been taking guitar lessons and made music one night.
Sydney called the school to pick Bailey up after they got into a fight.
Remy won an award at school so they ran right home afterwards and showed it to their parents.
Jan was having trouble seeing in school. Jan expressed their concern.
Jan was going on a camping trip. Jan bought a sleeping bag from a store.
Ash needed more room and moved Cameron over an inch.
Jan is a track coach for Bailey, and they let Bailey run again.
Riley took their new friend to a restaurant to show them how good the food was.
Lee put some cream on the scrape because it was hurting a lot and could get infected.
Carson did not want to make a big deal out of their score, so Carson placed the ranking in perspective.
Addison received detention for throwing things in class all day.
Sydney grabbed her book bag and made it to school on time.
Bailey happily accepted the car after winning the contest.
Sydney is the best player and she shot a three pointer.
Jordan gave Riley the letter, letting Riley know they were breaking up with them.
Tracy heard some rumors going around school. Tracy decided to talk to Kai about them.
Skylar learned German on YouTube.  They were ready to travel to Germany.
Robin took a lot of time out of her day to help Jesse.
Casey paid the tab at dinner for their friend for their birthday.
Because his mother told him to, Remy went straight home after school.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend and told her about the cheating.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip even though he was going on a date with another woman.
Cameron brought their family to his play because he had the lead role.
Addison found out that there was a cat competition so Addison schedule Casey, her cat, to show.
Cameron took Ash to get lunch after they had a gym session.
Addison and Casey were playing a board game that evening. Addison let Casey win it.
Aubrey gave Addison direction in life so she could succeed.
Addison went to the movies to see a new release, but found the movie offensive.
Addison ran the marathon after training for months with her sister.
Jan accomplished their purpose by talking to the enemy leader and suing for peace.
Riley threw away the scraps that were left over from dinner.
Quinn kept trying to touch Skylar in an inappropriate way so Skylar slapped Quinn in the face.
Alex watched football instead of studying for his test the next day.
Ash was fast asleep and dreamt of a nice lake with many fish to catch.
Robin produced Jan's number when Jim bugged her for it.
Sasha had their dance performance where they performed several dances. Sasha performed well.
Without having been asked, Robin provided food for Kendall's children after she lost her job last month.
Jan played video games 10 hours in day, video games became really addictive and he lost his job.
Quinn took dessert away from Jesse because they were suppose to be eating healthy food together.
Skylar kept tabs on her cousin after getting out of special rehab.
Skylar talked to her boyfriend about his new job and how much she liked it.
Jordan wound around Jesse's way to see if he wanted to go to a movie.
Riley saved Jan's life and they were the best of friends from then on.
Austin put a human resources department into his place of business.
Tracy watched as a bird landed on Bailey's hand and let them pet it.
Jesse was going on a trip and they had drove for hours to get there.
Quinn also turned around when he saw the crowd changing direction to avoid an accident.
Kendall dropped her phone on the ground and immediately picked it up.
They had been dating for a couple years, and Ash loved Jordan well.
Jesse went to get married to his girlfriend that he had been with for years.
Bailey ran out of money so she moved back in with her parents.
Jesse laid on Remy's back. And Remy lovely give her a hug.
Kai joined Bailey for their grandmother's surprise birthday dinner at restaurant far away.
Taylor looked behind Jan to see if there was a rip in Jan's clothes like there was in the front of their clothes.
Sydney gave pie to all of Jesse's frineds to eat.
Taylor considered the capacity of the audience before planning the new play.
Cameron was struggling financially so Ash paid Cameron's bills to keep them afloat and not lose their tenancy.
Aubrey swam back to their friends after they swam far from them.
Alex decided to tear Ash to pieces, so Ash plans on quitting wrestling and joining the math club.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out for a surprise birthday party.
Cameron reached the earth's surface after spending a whole sixty days in orbit.
Lee met the man of their dreams and they went on their first date.
Sydney is a very good palm reader.
Riley saved Jan's life from a speeding car that almost hit Jan in the crosswalk.
Taylor gave Jesse his medicine so he could get better.
Aubrey did the outfit justice when they paired it with jewelry.
Austin wanted Kendall and Teresa to fight, so Austin put Kendall and Teresa to the war.
Quinn was walking when Lee turned a corner and scared the wits out of Quinn.
Riley accidentally cut herself with a chef's knife at work and was bleeding heavily.
Austin was leaving for a week so Ash kissed Austin goodbye on the forehead.
They explained it to the kid but they couldn't understand it again.
Jordan helped Kendall get up after she had fallen to the ground in the snow.
Aubrey was trying to explain her reasoning. Alex looked at Aubrey closely while she spoke.
jordan gave them something as a gift even though they didn't earn it.
Taylor put the clothes in bags so she could donate them to charity.
Aubrey brought snacks for himself and everybody during the picnic.
Alex called Bailey's boyfriend while she was drunk and told him how she felt.
Quinn reduced their weight by a large factor after going through the exercise program.
Robin decided to take all her mother's jewelry and transmute it into gold.
Taylor asked another person to the dance, and yet another person said no.
Sydney was home alone for the first time and thought she heard someone outside the window.
Tracy paid Syndey's tax for her.
Alex threw confetti up in the air and pretty paper bits floated down and got in everyone's hair.
Lee let the dog out to go to the bathroom in the backyard.
Cameron wanted to take away ashes work because he was not working enough hours.
Jan disagreed with her mother's direction to stay home and they locked horns over it.
Lee sneezed when just stepping out of the door. Lee decided he had to go to the hospital.
Jesse loved Aubrey's family. They always treated them kindly.
Alex governed every person as if he was the one in charge.
The class was loud and obnoxious all day. Bailey gave detention to the entire class.
Addison learned to walk by practicing over and over again.
robin was a smart person so she transmitted the ideas that addison told her.
Sasha got promoted after working hard all year.
Remy immediately opened the presents her friends brought her on her birthday.
Jesse took Ash to Austin's word because Ash was known as trustworthy.
Aubrey asked the waitress where she got her blouse because it was pretty.
Tracy, a 4 year old child, was having a bad day. Addison, her mother, held her tightly in her arms.
Jan and Bailey move to a new home and improved their lives.
jan wanted to do a favor for quinn so she put her money in the bank.
Jesse was driving to school and the car broke down. Jesse walked to go and get gas.
Taylor bore a striking resemblance to Kendall and was cast in the role.
Remy gave Skylar a present because it was Skylar's birthday and Remy was Skylar's friend.
Quinn visited their doctor to get blood work done to make sure she didn't have cancer.
Addison held Tracy in their arms while Tracy said their last words before dying.
Robin gave their friend a decent haircut and they enjoyed it a lot.
Sasha just received their pay check and had some spare money so they paid Jesse's bills.
Remy really loved the gift his son got him for Father's Day. It was what he always wanted.
Tracy asked Austin's family if he could get permission to marry their son Austin.
Skylar put food in Ash's car, knowing Ash wouldn't have time to stop for lunch during the long drive.
Quinn gave them all one to enjoy because it was snack time.
Jesse's smoking seemed to be affecting Casey's health. Casey mentions how it bothers other people as well.
Ash wanted anyone to know about the upcoming birthday party at the bar.
Austin came back to Carson after the breakup.
Carson had been looking for their things for ages. Cameron found them and gave Carson their things back.
Taylor told their good friend that they loved them a lot.
Jan was a college professor and had many students over the years. Jan taught Casey's children in college, one of her favorite past students.
Kendall had a good idea for their project and Addison put Kendall's thoughts into action.
Cameron was very smitten with Bailey and Cameron spoke of Bailey well.
Alex caught the dust in the dust pan while cleaning the house.
Alex was hurt by another friend.
Jordan eventually started to regret his words, so Jordan told Addison they had said something cruel.
Jan gave her husband Kai some money to get groceries.
Casey practiced the piano every day before the upcoming recital.
Sasha gathered the families and brought them out of a crisis.
Bailey knew Robin was right that the heavy rain was dangerous, but decided to drive home anyways.
Jordan Poole Bailey's fingers off of his new Xbox he got for Christmas.
Ash held back tears after hearing the news of her best friends passing.
Addison was trying to see if Tracy was sick. Addison took Tracy's temperature.
Kendall got in trouble for cheating on the exam after she obtained Cameron's answer.
Jan gave Bailey another shot and was pleased she was successful.
Austin built Quinn's house last week as a surprise for Quinn's 50th birthday party.
Lee kept asking Casey a lot of questions and was starting to get annoyed.
Jesse told Ash she was coming to help move the shelves at the volunteer booth yesterday but didn't show up.
Sydney could not make up her mind if she liked Austin or Bob as her boyfriend.
Riley fixed up some dinner and told her son to come down for some.
Alex ate something healthy and felt really good.
Jordan saw Bailey three times a week since they broke up two months ago.
Aubrey needed help getting ready to go on a trip, so Alex packed Aubrey's car.
Austin kicked the tires that fell off his car.
Kendall was the last one to go after the party was done early next morning.
Cameron told his best friend his closest secret that he had kept hidden.
Bailey was the center of attention because he was the funniest person in the room.
Sasha bought all of the camping trip supplies.
Riley threw away the scraps but then realized that the dog could have eaten them.
Skylar had a few options ahead of her but she chose to play the offensive move and get to them before the go to her.
Jordan ran in circles while shouting and waving their arms.
Addison was bored from recovering from surgery and as soon as the doctor gave the OK, they went somewhere to celebrate.
Riley wanted to show her employees that she appreciated them, so she treated her employees to dinner.
Ash visited Aubrey's relatives in Canada because Ash was staying nearby on Ash's holiday to a foreign country.
Jordan narrowed Carson's eyes because they were doing something very suspicious.
Addison broke every law and hurt a lot of people in the neighborhood.
Jesse made some changes to how the farm would be run after her father died.
casey drove a reliable car so he got to work safely everyday.
Quinn felt very lonely and decided to call their best friend.
Jesse had a soft side and got the family a big pack of chocolate.
Ash held job interviews cause he needed an accountant at his company. He offered the job to the best candidate.
Lee followed in Jordan's wake and made many victories for the army.
Austin drove his car on the highway for the first time in years after the accident.
Sasha studied a lot to have good grades and to improve themselves.
Remy was working at the bakery and had a concert to get to so he closed early.
Riley got better and better because they spent each day practicing for many hours.
Tracy would not let Casey leave because he owed her rent.
Quinn was very sick, so Jordan gave him some medicine to make him feel better.
Addison did every task with determination and put effort into everything they did.
After getting into a car accident Kai made sure to exchange insurance information with the other driver.
Robin kept their stuff together because she was leaving on a trip.
Addison observed Ash closely while Ash worked to learn what Ash was doing.
It was Kai's birthday so Sydney decided to take her out to lunch.
alex left money behind for addison but addison lost it and couldn't pay their bills.
kai played a musical instrument at her parents request.
Robin wanted to become a star so Robin started by taking a dancing class.
Skylar ate an apple and drank her energy drink with protein.
Lee watched Austin work hard to earn money for their school trip.
Bailey recently died unexpectedly and Quinn sold Bailey's home and all belongings.
Tracy sat with Quinn's friends and talked to them.
Jan cooked for dinner and made a giant pot of soup with a cherry pie for dessert.
Cameron and Austin became actors but Cameron didn't get many parts.
Even though Addison did not look very strong, Addison hit hard.
Riley wanted to do something so she decided to go for a walk.
Kai always wanted to open a restuarnt in the city, so Kai put their thoughts into action.
Jan played a hero in the etiology and as a result the person was saved.
It was getting late and Jesse realized that they had to go.
It was Cameron's birthday at school today. At lunch Cameron gave the class their snacks to celebrate.
Sydney and Tracy broke their mom's favorite vase while playing in the house, so Sydney told Tracy to tell their mom.
Jesse had not been feeling well, so Jan brought him to see the doctor.
Robin started school late and was not sure what the others was working on.
robin played the best part in a action movie and got a standing ovation.
Jordan tried their best to get the car that they really wanted to buy.
Kendall made Quinn use a napkin when eating their dinner.
Bailey pushed Tracy's hand away after they got angry.
Quinn found a great deal so bought several since he used the item regularly.
Aubrey got their girlfriend a gift and took it to their house to present it to them.
Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend and Quinn got mad at the situation.
Aubrey controlled her emotions and addressed the problem calmly.
Robin was out cycling but was hit by a car and was injured badly.
Carson was in charge of a squad of soldiers about to get shot by the enemy.
Aubrey loved nature. They went hiking in the woods.
Taylor offered their services to the mercenary group started repair work on their weaponry right away.
riley helped aubrey out of the water because aubrey was not a good swimmer.
Cameron would make fun of Austin often because he was a mean person.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat that Aubrey adopted from the shelter yesterday.
Kai asked Addison's parents for one of their famous pies as a donation to their annual fundraising event.
Jordan sold books on facebook to all of his friends through a multi level marketing company.
Robin hoped for a gift one day and couldn't wait to receive it.
Skylar took Taylor's dog to the vet for his shots without asking.
Kai fed Remy's dog after she lost her owner in a car wreck.
Austin built Quinn's house from the ground and did so for free.
Addison donated money to charity after they won the lottery.
Alex drove back after they found out that the park was closed.
Remy took her arms and held on to Alex fast and tight earlier.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys so they could drive the kids to school.
Skylar went to get a haircut but had grown it out before.
Austin liked Jordan's hair and complimented her on it several times.
Jesse affected others in ways people couldn't understand when Jesse started at them with his beautiful green eyes.
Cameron didn't want to follow Austin's schedule so Cameron changed Austin's plans.
Austin called their dad for help and he was able to give him instructions on how to fix his washer.
Sasha was a volunteer with the Red Cross. She used medicine to prevent illness in undeveloped countries.
Kai knew that Remy looked up to her.  She wanted to keep him safe.
Even though Kai had lied to Sydney, they still loved Kai nonetheless.
Robin was shopping for a coat and decided they liked the blue one the best.
Jordan couldn't figure out how to use the self checkout at the grocery store, so he found an employee to help.
Addison had stopped working after her shift was over.
Taylor's family had a dog and Taylor loved the dog also.
Skylar followed Cameron around and took pictures of Cameron going out with another woman.
Carson took Jordan's hand in their hand and told him that they loved him too.
Aubrey waited in line alone while they were hoping to get tickets.
Casey got another drink at the bar and then walked home for the night.
Jan's forgot to charge her new Tesla. Jan decided to walk to work instead of calling a cab or taking the bus.
Alex went to their boss and asked them for a promotion.
Jan drove back home from the place they'd visited because they had to work in the morning.
Skylar spent time with Remy's family by getting some food and drinks that day.
Lee spent with time with his new girlfriend's family getting to know them.
Lee had never rode a horse before, so Robin let them ride their horse.
Bailey busted the vacuum cleaner by allowing the dust to clog up the filter.
Carson heard the song for the first time and felt very emotional listening to it.
Carson asked my mom if she'd seen the dragon he was hunting down.
Lee and his mother saw a murder occur but was too afraid to talk. Lee and his mother kept their lips sealed.
Because Bailey wanted to qualify for student loan forgiveness, she made sure to jump through all of the bureaucratic hoops.
aubrey was a fun person so she took cameron's friend to the library.
Jesse played his music at a small bar in the city and people loved it.
Addison bought a gym membership and started to exercise a few times a week.
Sasha thanked their mom for the party and got a big hug.
Aubrey always thought of their friends, and was constantly getting little gifts for them.
While trying to convince their friends to join the at church, Ash shared her beliefs about religion.
robin got aubrey's hair cut so they would look nice for the show.
Carson hadn't seen his sister in years and so they met up for lunch.
Bailey watched the movie alone because she had no friends.
skylar was on a magical island so she was taught to fly by a witch.
Carson was starving, so he went to the Mexican restaurant close to his work for lunch because Carson loved the food they served.
Alex noticed how outdated Carson's bathroom was so she took the liberty to remodel Carson's bathroom.
Sasha was winning the game so Lee twisted Sash'a ankle on purpose so she couldn't play anymore.
Addison called Lee and Jordan in order to invite them to the birthday party.
addison had respect among the group so he persuaded them to take a break.
Robin saw the sights and was amazed by the beauty of the landscape.
Skylar and Alex were about to break up. They were meeting for the last time.
Carson gave their medicine that they deeply needed to live to charity.
Jordan told Kendall to be quiet while they were entering into the room.
Aubrey knew that Riley had betrayed her. She deliberately filled Riley's tank with pure oxygen instead of the usual nonlethal mixture.
Riley worked hard to finish and gave Casey a report on the project.
Addison got good grades and got a lot of attention from the other students.
Riley protected their skin from the sun and had a good time at the park.
Cameron's daughter won the junior Wimbledon tennis title. Cameron sang praises of joy.
Kendall gave Kai a raise after his great work at the company for years.
Remy bought a new guitar after saving for months when the one he wanted became available.
Jesse found the house in the woods after month of trying to locate the house.
Austin batted for both sides and got a good deal after the election.
Addison was scared of the movie so they covered their face with their hands.
Robin took his broken car to the shop and they said they would call with an estimate.
Sydney bit their tongue at the sight of Jan's obscure fashion decisions.
quinn found the time to help robin even though they had a lot going on themselves.
Jason was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Taylor met lovely Rea at the library, the immediately hit it off so Taylor asked Rea out and they agreed.  Taylor then went home and got ready for the date.
Skylar went into the dark forest and felt very scared for herself and her dog.
Aubrey looked at her watch and grimaced before giving Skylar the time since Aubrey knew it was past Skylar's curfew and they would have to skip the movie.
austin wanted to do a favor for kendall so he decorated kendall's house for the party.
Sydney also gave Aubrey a present at her going away party.
Carson excluded every person because he wanted to be alone.
Lee accepted that they had made a serious mistake. Lee made their bed and lied in it.
Sydney really hated broccoli but their parents made them eat the vegetable anyways.
Cameron lost his job and asked Ash if he knew of any openings.
Jesse's car wouldn't start, so Ash complied with Jesse's desperate request to drive them to a job interview.
jordan was trying to start a new life so he ate haelthy food.
Aubrey went to Cameron's house in the morning so they can walk to school together.
Carson was evicted from their apartment for coming in drunk all the time and waking everyone up.
Riley started her first job at the animal sanctuary where she would fulfill her dream of saving animals.
Robin gained a lot of muscle so that she would be in great shape for the competition.
Robin received many compliments about her new hairstyle.
Tracy finally got her dream job after a long stretch of grueling preparation.
Sasha worked for an hour extra after a long and hard day at work.
Riley had a big exam coming up but she wasn't prepared.
Casey got the ring they wanted from the store at the mall.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the weather while he was planning the visit.
Cameron and Jan were at a movie, and Cameron whispered something in Jan's ear.
Casey cost Jan some dollars for the gas that Jan used.
Jordan roasted marshmallows and asked his neighbors if they would like to join him.
Bailey peeked inside of the present because they couldn't wait to open it.
Tracy just broke up with their significant other and called Riley.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job because Tracy has not helped with bills for the past few months.
Casey gave Alex help when he needed it to fix his fence.
Lee hit a pothole on the way to work and blew out a tire on his car. Lee realized that he left his wallet at home, which is two blocks away. He needed to call a tow truck and needed money to pay the driver.
All the neighbors hated hearing my dog bark, so Jordan took my dog.
Austin was remodeling his office and picked out a painting. He hung the painting on the wall for decoration.
Bailey saw ducks in the wild and grabbed her phone to capture the moment.
Kendall struck it rich at her job and got a lot of attention with her new idea.
Quinn watched it for a long time and ultimately felt it was the best movie ever.
Kai came to visit his parents and brother. Kai played a prank on their parents.
Riley had a bad cough and decided to see the doctor in case he needed medicine.
Kai went hunting one holiday weekend, and after some time shot a deer.
Because Riley was not paying attention while daydreaming, Riley spilled Taylor's soda.
Sasha bought a book that their friend Quinn had written and published.
Quinn usually fixed cars easily. One day, a customer came in asking him to fix his fairly new electric car. Quinn could not figure out how to fix it.
Casey was afraid of the dark and found the only way to soothe herself was to suck her thumb.
Kendall found my keys after she looked for them.
Taylor put a towel on Jan's shoulder after Jan fell in the pool.
Austin left for a trip and carried Casey along the way.
Aubrey got Skylar a new job and they were making a lot more money.
Ash threw rocks into a crowd of people at the beach.
Jesse wrote the formula on the board in class today.
Carson had studied all week in preparation for the upcoming exam.
Jesse gave Sasha the chance for redemption after several pleas from Sasha asking for mercy.
Jan had a very important piano recital, and Jan struck every note perfectly.
Lee went on a ship to try to find land in another area.
Kendall doesn't like to bake and asked their friend Robin if they would make homemade cookies for their kids for Christmas. Robin happily agreed and made Kendall's children cookies.
Ash played tricks on her parents everyday after school until she graduated and moved out.
Ash was cooking dinner for their best friend so Ash spent extra time on making it delicious.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling off of the cliff that day.
After catching a glimpse of them in the hallway, Carson told Cameron's sister they were pretty.
Sasha took her to Vegas, and they went to the casino and lost all their money.
Alex left together with his family on a trip to the beach. It was Alex first time at the beach.
Cameron noticed that his dog's water dish was almost empty so he poured out his water bottle into the dish.
Carson finally hit a ball after wasting twenty-five dollars on this dumb carnival game.
Riley enhanced students' lives. He took them on field trips very often.
Bailey ate healthy food that she prepared in her kitchen this morning.
Austin left the park and went to the shelter.
Austin who was a great dancer and teacher began their school with ten students. When they had a class helpfully, Austin shuffled Casey's feet, to learn a new dance.
Riley looked in her email to make sure she understand Jesse's directions.
Robin was laughing so hard they peed their pants, so Robin changed them.
Sydney bought a replacement puppy for her daughter after the first puppy passed away.
Even though Ash told him many times to leave it alone, Ash's parents saw that Lee was riding Ash's bike home from school.
Jan persuaded the baker to make a pie instead of their usual specialty for the occasion.
Kendall didn't like the decorations Jordan had chosen for the party, so she turned Jordan's decoration into various new things.
Sasha took her dog out for a walk every morning before work. It was their ritual.
Ash spent extra time at work to make sure they got all their work done.
Robin had been studying for a test at school and Jordan decided to assist.
Cameron took Ash's toys away when Ash kept breaking them intentionally.
Addison put the cookies away after she finished cooking them.
Sydney learned that their father was in the hospital. Though they wanted to drive to the hospital quickly, Sydney kept within the speed limits.
Aubrey got accepted to a college out of state so she had to move soon.
Casey looked all over their house for the missing remote and it was in the sink.
Tracy invited me to the party so I could make new friends at the school.
ash shoved kendall's hands in kendall's pockets so that they wouldn't do anything bad.
Austin wanted things a certain way and imposed upon Kai the rules.
Remy didn't want to fall behind and picked up Tracy's pace.
Addison got Quinn in Kai's trademark plan for the coming project at work.
Addison finished dinner and wanted to retire for the night. Addison put the dishes on the counter.
Someone offered Remy a chocolate-covered apple with caramel. Remy decided to try it.
Taylor soon started. He had made up his mind to get this job done.
Kai was supposed to leave first thing in the morning, but he and Addison were having so much fun together, Kai asked Addison´s parents for one more day.
Skylar decided to cook a meal and host a dinner party for friends.
Alex kept pace with the growth of their plants in the vegetable garden.
Cameron put the cat in the house because it was gone for two weeks.
Carson found the missing doll.  They have been looking for it for hours.
Carson learned how to fly a helicopter and decided to give it a go.
Kendall opened all Quinn's presents. Each one was thoughtful and kind.
Sydney noticed a bad smell in the school.
Robin accepted the dare to go to the woods naked for a day.
Addison was looking for a new car. SHe saw an ad for a car that she really wanted, but it was too expensive.
For Jordan's birthday present, Ash painted Jordan a picture of their favorite beach.
After being treated unfairly by their employer, Jan decided to quit their job.
As his responsibility being part of the sales team, Jordan created awareness programs and positive comments to attract customers.
Robin is easily offended and she assumed Sydney's dirty look was aimed at her.
Skylar learned german in high school and began planning a trip to Germany.
Riley went to the store and bought a ring for her boyfriend that she loved.
Alex bought Carson's phone from him but as soon as he got it home it stopped working.
Jordan found therapy to help him work through the pain.
Bailey watched Taylor's favorite show.  Both had a good time together.
Kai asked Riley to the prom and was a little bit nervous about this proposal.
Kendall didn't want to wait to get tickets so Kendall jumped the queue.
Carson was unsure about going to the party but went anyway. Carson had a great time at the party.
Casey asked Jordan to take a picture with them. Jordan gave Casey a picture.
Kendall bought a mattress for a friend because they could not afford it.
Jan decided to ring the door bell because her husband wouldn't answer and her maid hated her.
Sasha went to her cousin, Casey's, Funeral and Sasha paid Casey respect.
Addison gave Alex their assurance that they were completing the tasks correctly.
Jan cooked Lee's favorite meal to celebrate his promotion. Lee looked at Jan with a smile.
After being called out for failing the test, Casey turned bright red.
Kai was doing research into the reproductive systems of mice, and as part of his ongoing experiments, Kai induced labor in mice.
While going through the death certificate Ash found a cause of death possibility that was not noticed by the officials.
Sasha made decisions for Remy until Remy got fed up with how controlling Sasha was being.
Skylar dyed their hair often. The color changed regularly every couple weeks. Skylar tried bold and unique colors.
Austin loved being outdoors and had a great time hunting and fishing.
Jan saw Alex was better at debate than Jan was and felt okay about it.
Riley stood around while Sydney talked to everyone but Riley at camp.
Alex kept track of the names of all the important clients. Jan was worried because she forgot to keep a list.
Quinn was in a hurry to get to work and forgot if he had locked the door so he had to go back to double check.
Bailey let things be when their mom told them they should of done their chores.
Carson helped Jordan to cross the street safely, since Jordan was still very young.
Carson gave a book to his son after buying it off his good friend.
Robin pleaded with her parents to get a puppy from the pound. Robin got the puppy she wanted.
Robin became very interested in the subject and wanted to learn more.
Sasha knew based on thier experieences in the past.
Cameron broke my leg by accident and I was in a lot of deep and physical pain.
Sydney stilled loved Kai even though they broke up decades ago.
Casey saw their grandma at the hospital because she was sick.
Jordan waited for an opportunity to finally tell Lee how they felt.
Bailey went to a hockey game and cheered on the team she liked.
Kai spent all day raking leaves and putting them into bags.
Taylor took the difficult case Pro Bono and became Bailey's advocate.
Realizing that he was being overbearing an rude, Jan gave Bailey space.
Sasha went shopping with their father and he refused to let her pay for anything.
Kai called Riley's husband to explain what had previously happened.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys after they lost it when they went out to see their friend.
sydney wanted to eat at taco bell and her choices made no difference to remy.
Aubrey opened projects in the form of a puppy rescue.
Jan kept a detailed leather back diary of her most private feelings and experiences. Jordan, Jan's worst enemy, stumbles upon Jan's book.
Skylar ensured Kendall's success by not preparing her own presentation well enough.
Remy fed the fish after getting food out of the cupboard for them.
Tracy formed another band that had plenty of good musicians and talents.
Robin went to the store to buy some items for a pizza.
Skylar was tired of getting vegetables at the store. Skylar planted a garden.
Tracy met Taylor's parents because they were seriously dating.
Sasha left Kai's state after they have broken up.
Sydney left Austin's room to get them snacks and something to drink.
Tracey played games with Kai's friend and Kai baked snacks.
Jesse spared Robin's life, and just gave Robin life in prison instead.
Taylor became best friends with them, and they stayed in touch all their lives.
Remy was in class when her teacher asked her to read. Remy, who has been struggling with reading, worked very hard to improve her skills as a reader. Remy excitedly started reading as she was happy to show off her improved skills.
Taylor wanted to start a garden, so he can have fresh vegetables to eat.
Kendall made Casey fill out the printed application that Kendall got earlier that day.
Cameron was considering starting a new job although he had one currently.  He had three different job offers each with different issues ranging from pay to location to type of work.  Cameron considered these options separately.
Alex drove cautiously down the road because Alex had recently been in an accident.
Sasha works two jobs and is very tired at the end of the day.
Taylor asked the librarian for a book but got a rude response in return from her.
Aubrey found some dirt and Addison's house because she is a neat freak and annoying.
Quinn works as a bartender in a busy establishment.
Addison met Sasha's emergency text and left work immediately to the hospital.
Jesse is throwing a surprise party for Jan. Jesse makes a list of everything they need to do to prepare for the party.
Remy took notes on the class lecture and everybody wanted to get copies.
After waiting 5 minutes for the man to answer the question, Taylor politely asked for the answer.
Remy minded the store dutifully for their parents who were on vacation.
Remy dropped their wallet in the fountain and didn't notice it was missing until they were back on the bus.
Casey popped Jordan's cherry after prom that they attended together.
Lee made the arrest for Sydney because they were busy working on another case.
Taylor wanted to become a famous guitarist. Taylor played at a coffee shop.
ash spent time together with many people at the big party.
Jordan told Addison that they had said something that was cruel to them.
Carson told Cameron and Cameron's sister about the meeting for the new club they were forming.
Riley gave Ash another chance at making the baseball team by the end of the week.
Tracy played games with Kai's friend in order to get to know them better.
Aubrey had the floor and everyone's attention with it.
Skylar drove home in their new car after stopping to fill it up with some gas.
Riley saw his newborn nephew for the first time since coming home from the hospital.
Cameron provided snacks to children so that the others could relax and enjoy themselves.
Jordan continued to walk down the road and throw stones at the lake.
Sasha dropped Casey's hand when she realized people were staring at them.
Quinn has a Midas touch that changes all his projects into major money resources.
Lee hired Carson to build him a porch, but the job was so big Lee had to hire other workers to help Carson.
Riley told me what Jan wanted.  Therefore, I bought groceries for both of them.
Cameron gave the class their instructions despite their lack of focus.
Remy persuaded the times to change despite having no evidence of this.
Tracy got to know everyone and ended up fitting right in.
Casey yelled bingo in front of the whole room who quickly noticed.
There was a crowd of people and Ash got lost amongst it.
Casey and Tracy work for a bank. A man comes in with a mask on his face. Casey puts her hands up and yells at Tracy to do the same.
Bailey got it right the next time after she practiced for a whole afternoon.
Robin provided presents for Kendall's children when it was their birthday party.
Riley was the head of the company, but it was Carson that gave Riley the genius idea.
Lee was trying to win a race. Lee watched to make sure they did not run into anyone.
Kai saw the injured person up close.
Jordan could either walk or drive to pick up his groceries.
Ash went through the house trying to make it safe. Ash reduced their risk of a fire occurring.
Casey cooked the food for dinner while the family waited in the living room.
Sydney made up Kai's mind because Kai was having trouble making a decision.
Believing in their lucky powers, Riley collected a ton of clovers with four leaves.
Aubrey found some shade under the tree and sat down for a rest.
Remy had examined Bailey's body and eventually revealed the cause of their death.
Carson told his sister to help him with all of the chores he had to do.
Jesse made an adorable gown and added it to their Etsy shop. Later, Jesse put it up for sale.
Bailey started talking to Sydney after Sydney apologized for being mean.
Sasha was at work when there was an auditor. They took a back seat to their boss.
Remy sat quietly in a coffee shop waiting for the others to arrive.
Skylar attended school for the first time in years after deciding to switch careers.
sydney was at her wit's end so she asked kendall's kids for help.
Carson played a football game and made the game winning touchdown in the game.
Every morning, Bailey made Sasha's coffee and breakfast.
Jesse published every story and they all became best selling books.
Addison put Kendall's plan into action for the first time.
Casey was always a hard person to please, she never gave Cameron credit for the good things he did.
Casey bought a new pair of shoes and was excited to wear them to the party.
When Quinn was sick, Lee raised Quinn's head to help them drink their medicine.
Tracy led the dogs away after being told no dogs were allowed.
Ash played the game with Skylar well because they had been practicing their tennis skills for a long time.
Tracy didn't catch any fish, so Tracy recast the net a second time.
Bailey took her time to reach it because it was important for Bailey to do it right.
Riley save their dog by using a vet they'd been gone to before, and it turned out to be the best vet in the state.
Ash asked his parents for one more cookie after he finished the one he had, but they said no.
Carson visited an elderly Aunt and noticed an envelope of money in the drawer so Carson stole the money and spent it all on themselves.
Ash had been mouthing off to a security guard at a club.
Remy picked up Tracy's pacemaker when he realized she had left it on the table.
Jan and her husband were not getting along well. Jan filed for a divorce later that month.
Tracy had never been to the shore. Finally, Tracy got to see the ocean when she was on vacation.
Alex pushed Quinn out of the way and shielded them with their body.
Jesse went to get married and had a ceremony to celebrate this event.
Jordan found toys in the basement and brought them downstairs to give to the children.
Cameron sold many of Sasha's coins at good prices to the people.
Carson showed their daughter the book.  They spent quality time together.
Skylar got worse at math. If such a thing is even possible.
Robin took pamphlets around the neighborhood to try and find her dog.
Riley's project was due tomorrow and Riley had to rush to get the work done.
Kayden was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy finished Addison's work when he went home from work early.
Kai imposed upon Tracy her opinion and made her mad.
Sasha caught Tracy off guard and she jumped in fright.
Quinn hired a lead company. They provided Quinn with new contacts.
Alex and Aubrey have been best friends for their entire lives. Aubrey has gotten into college across the country. Alex helps Aubrey pack up her car.
Austin left in a huff of anger because everybody was making fun of them.
Austin played Jordan role in the development because Jordan was under the weather that day.
Riley pushed Kai onto the ground after seeing her bully a girl from school.
Casey took her dog out for a walk to get it some exercise on a nice day.
Aubrey took Sasha's mom home from the hospital after finding where it was.
Remy was organizing a big surprise party for the sick children in the hospital, and Remy invited all their friends and family.
Lee was at a concert and listened to the music.
Remy represented Skylar's interests while they were away on vacation.
Casey decided to be extremely generous and gave Skylar a berth.
Lee ran a race for charity because his mother had a disease that the cause was trying to cure.
Sydney found seashells in the sand, and organized them into a bunch of straight lines.
Bailey put the luggage in their car so that they could go on the vacation.
Cameron locked the door behind Taylor after they had a big argument and then a big breakup.
Jan camped with friends.  They had a good time.
Skylar came into the force on Tracy's behest. It was a good fit for them both.
After a long day at work, Kai and Casey went to bed and spooned.
Tracy was looking for love in all the wrong places and was very sad.
Taylor when to visit Alex and he in turn walked Taylor back.
Riley proved god's love by giving a sermon that could not be disputed.
Carson put paint on Jan's car as revenge for cheating on him.
Aubrey beat Quinn's brains out because of the fight that day.
Remy divided the cake into equal parts to ensure that each of the guests receives an equal sized slice.
Riley had a shower then Riley turned the water off and stepped out.
Cameron ate Italian food almost everyday, and soon grew to be 400 pounds.
Casey told Jordan yes to going out with him for dinner on a date next week.
Kai had just joined a karate club and walked there from school on the first day of classes.
Bailey hated all creatures and loved to hunt them down and kill them especially ants, worms, bees and spiders.
Cameron thanked the people for supporting him as they left the party.
Ash got the job at the bank that he applied for a week ago.
Cameron happily gave Quinn a couple of dollars to help fund the charity goal.
Jesse had made breakfast for two that morning, so when Sydney woke up, Sydney ate Jesse´s breakfast.
Jesse left his kite out on the porch. Lee wanted to fly it but Jesse wasn't home. Lee took Jesse's kite without asking.
Ash got a present as opened the gift quickly.
Seeing that Austin was upset about the situation, Taylor read Austin's mind.
Jan wanted to make a good impression so Jan got Jesse's parents a gift.
Tracy needed to pick up Sasha's kids for school so they went to Sasha's house.
Remy said they would leave by the end of the day to go home for a night's sleep.
Skylar was home alone watching a scary movie and suddenly Skylar heard a noise outside the window.
Cameron got fired from his after school job because he was often showing up late.
Jan was trying to fix their door. They twisted the knob badly.
Kendall ate snacks because they could not stop themselves from eating.
carson recently broke his samsung phone, so alex bought carson a iphone at the store.
Bailey didn't see anything out of place in the house but there was a burglar hiding there.
Kai wanted to be sure that his plan wouldn't fail, so he made an effort to take every precaution.
Everyone at the office was on a low carb diet except Jesse. Jesse brought a tray of bagels this week.
bailey started a business of selling stolen goods, and she attracted several inquires by offering sold out concert tickets.
Bailey bought a video game from the store to play that night alone.
Addison quickly called the police when she saw a dead body in the middle of the road.
Addison fixed their flat tire when they were broken down on the side of the road.
Skylar headed into the theater and didn't know where to sit. Skylar found their seat in the middle row.
Lee gave their speech to the audience about the climate topic.
Sasha and Riley went to the mall and Riley stole a bracelet from a store.
Ash fired their rifle for the first time after taking a hunting course.
Sasha told Quinn the place where they should to meet up to eat, but Quinn never show up.
Bailey made fun of Austin's lisp all day and made an enemy of Austin.
Sasha sold Kai into slavery because she hated all living thing.
Bailey was trying to grow fruit and vegetables at the local allotment but Bailey soon realised that if he joined forces with the others who worked at the allotment they would be much more productive and successful.
Sasha bought the supplies and threw them in the garage.
Quinn is a babysitter. He was asked to babysit the Kai children. Quinn spent all day with the Kai family.
There was a sale at the music store. Addison took advantage of the deals.
Against all odds, Cameron launched into his fresh new comedy routine and sent everyone home with some laughs.
Ash tossed the leftover bones aside for their dog to eat later in the night.
Casey suits Jan's feelings on wine because they noticed what Jan had tasted.
Jordan enjoyed the weather at the park.  It had been a while since they went out.
Skylar decided to hire a tutor for her daughter because she was failing at math.
Aubrey was the first one into work and found trash all over the parking lot.
Casey performed their routine effectively by getting a good way to finish the tasks.
After several months of trying to help Jesse get a decent job, the effort paid off. Sydney found a way for Jesse.
Sasha continued Jan's work on how to make the next big tech project.
Jordan said the only thing they wanted for their birthday was a trip to Disney World. Jesse took Jordan to Disney World.
Kendall went to the store to get some items so they could fix the sink.
Ash got up and ready then poured a bowl of cereal into his favorite bowl.
Bailey put her bag on the ground in the airport so she could order at the restaurant.
Casey built the model together with a good friend.
Kendall frightened the intruders away even though they bore many guns when they attacked.
Cameron took sides in the argument.
Jordan refused to eat the food her little sister cooked.
Lee put Cameron's blanked around Jordan without permission because Jordan was cold.
Casey had gotten dressed and went back out to eat with their friends.
Kai was shopping one day when he was suddenly accosted by two men.
Robin was very upset by the murder of their father, but Robin avenged their father's name.
Sydney wrote out their ticket and told them to enjoy the show.
Sasha was bored at the party and moved towards the front door.
Riley took a picture of the view of the city and gave it to Quinn.
Taylor learned karate and was one of the best in class.
Addison was driving to their house and stopped so they could get lunch for themselves.
Jordan pushed the envelope away from Skylar and hoped she didn't see it.
jesse saw the last pizza slice had been eaten so he threw a fit.
Bailey missed the trip so she got ready this time.
Sasha recently had surgery and to avoid infection, Sasha was told not to touch oneself.
Lee sent Riley to the army, so he can learn how to become a brave man.
After Robin expressed great confusion over it all, Riley got Robin an answer.
Sasha is an animal activist. One day they went to the zoo for an animal rights protest.
If Remy speaks to his biological mother remy imagines he would feel angry.
Austin got full at dinner but saved room for dessert.
Jan performed the job well enough for their boss to notice their effort.
Cameron packed Ash's lunch. He always helped her prepare for school.
Ash got their car stuck in the snow after trying to drive through a snow pile.
Alex failed in front of all of the others- being just another kid, in the end.
Quinn made a lot of assumptions about Riley that were outright false and untrue.
Tracy had fallen on hard times and asked Jordan for money, so Jordan told Tracy to get a job.
Austin was considered an underdog by their colleagues, but Austin met the client's needs.
Kendall improved women's shoes after she worked in a lab for many years.
Kendall gave Robin flowers on Valentines day because they were dating.
When Skylar got started eating pie she couldn't possibly stop.
Cameron finally hired a new worker and his business started making more money.
Taylor kept annoying Carson while they were studying. Taylor affected Carson's ability to think.
Lee was hung over and needed a big cup of coffee to get ready for a final exam in school.
Because Riley cared for them and wanted to show it, Riley stared into Taylor's eyes.
Skylar went to the arena and played a game of soccer with some friends that were there.
Addison put kendall's work into action but couldn't remember everything kendall did and went to ask them about it.
Sydney found a way for Jesse to get a ride home when their car broke down.
Aubrey was excited and put on a dress for her wedding day.
Robin performed all of their duties and was hopeful she would get the promotion.
Lee met with a friend they hadn't seen in a long time and Lee laughed together with a friend while catching up over dinner.
Jesse thought twice about their decision considering all of the facts.
Lee's friend had to pain the fence around the yard.  Lee help his friend paint it.
Kendall let Carson's dog out since Carson had to work late.
Carson asked his daughter about the letter from the school regarding her punishment.
Jordan called Taylor's grandparents to tell them about the plans for the surprise party.
Jan prevented weight from gaining.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers across the keys.
Cameron had no money but was really hungry, so he persuaded the cook to give him a sandwich for free.
Riley went camping and decided that she would spend the night there.
Casey told Jordan her idea and he said he would consider it.
Tracy wanted to surprise their girlfriend by showing up at the airport so they cancelled plans they had with others.
Lee has a grudge against Quinn. He decided to come into Quinn head-on.
Kai dressed alike because she had no style.
With his farming skills, Jordan produced tons of corn annually so he could sell it to his neighbors.
Tracy visited Canada to see where her ancestors were from.
After looking through old photographs Riley realized that he missed Quinn so much.
Robin brought the accusation to trial and he was found not guilty on all charges.
Remy waiting a while longer for their date to show up at the restaurant.
Sasha left her paycheck on the counter. Riley cashed Sasha's check behind Sasha's back.
Quinn gave a speak to a large audience. Afterward, Quinn shakes hands with all the people and kisses babies for pictures.
Tracy was not very good at playing poker, so Tracy tipped his hand.
Sydney shot the ball and scored the winning point of the game.
Jan lived happily every after after she find the job of her dreams.
Sydney's unwanted advances made no difference to Remy, despite her greatest efforts to win him.
Jordan worked long and hard all day to get the garden sorted out for spring.
Carson's mother was celebrating her birthday the following week. Carson met their sister at the store.
Taylor wanted someone to shop with so Quinn agreed with Taylor to the mall.
Lee solved the equation for Taylor and then showed him how to do it.
Cameron fixed the tire with the flat tire repair kit.
Quinn tried to kill Cameron after finding out they had cheated.
Addison reviewed the paper that Robin wrote explaining his theory and then produced a response for him.
Jan saw Kendall's works at the art exhibit and asked to buy three pieces.
Robin took a test and found out that she got a very good grade.
Austin was a con artist who scammed people. Austin forged their signatures from the consent form.
Bailey bought a new vacuum and tested it out on the floor she had.
Tracy gave Jan permission to eat, so they ate a giant steak with potatoes.
Sasha was going to bake pizza for dinner tonight. She took the pizza out of the freezer.
Cameron gave Alex a peck on the cheek at night.
Bailey was feeling very silly and pulled Tracy's pants down.
Aubrey took private swim lessons every day after school was over.
Sydney kept Addison entertained so that she wouldn't ntoice her parents weren't home.
Jan fell at the last hurdle but got back up and kept going.
Sasha became Casey's friend after they met at camp.
Carson took Ash's boat out with Ash to go fishing.
Alex was frustrated and laughing shouted into the air about it.
Carson was trying to get people to add photos of his wedding to one place so he wrote a hashtag online.
Tracy's friend had a new phone and Tracy wanted one too.
Carson sent in someone else's photos for his submission because he wasn't ready.
Cameron lost money at Ash's job location at the casino while he waited for Ash.
Kendall took "no" for an answer from Tracy and went on to ask someone else for help.
Sasha was Riley's regular mechanic, during a recent visit Sasha left a pine scented air freshener in his car.
Addison treated animals with respect. They were a kind hearted person.
Robin made Bailey acquaintance.  They become good friends afterwards.
Cameron talked to Bailey's friend.  It made Bailey jealous.
Remy saw the bus outside and decided to run after it during the day.
Tracy overheard what was said in the other room and gave Quinn trouble.
Alex had a really nice party and invited many different people over to her home.
Carson took their lumps and threw them in the garbage.
Robin caught Jordan by the arm as Jordan tried to run away with Robin's phone in his hand.
Tracy filed a complaint towards the board about the management of funds.
Aubrey turned Sydney back from the door, because Aubrey knew about all the dangers on the other side.
Robin visited their sister after not seeing them for many years due to a change of career and location.
Jordan put a note on Riley's desk to remind her of the test.
The product was damaged so Alex issued a refund for the amount.
Jordan used Taylor's advice and was happy he was successful as a result.
Remy rehearsed Quinn's lines. Then she told Quinn that he didn't get the part.
Addison basically told Tracy that Tracy's boyfriend had been cheating on her with their roommate.
Jesse told Lee a story and Lee believed him even thogh it wasn't true.
Lee was making tacos for lunch and put some cream in the bowl.
Addison greatly improved her play and was picked for the team, taking the spot that Sasha thought she would get.
Bailey executed her wrath upon Aubrey's bed after her death due to distress.
casey wanted to get a item so she followed the stranger far.
After she was done with work, Aubrey walked to her home.
Cameron became worried and so he sent a quick and short message.
skylar was on vacation and wanted to see new things so she flew around the island.
Alex was studying and called upon Ash to help him through.
Austin wanted to make a wedding dress for Cameron, so Austin took Cameron's measurements.
Tracy kept trying to get Kendall's attention. Kendall would not answer Tracy no matter how much she tried.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley to tell her what happened.
Remy called her office to check her messages with her assistant.
After working hard in the film industry, Lee made their name known.
Quinn took their sister for ice cream to celebrate her birthday.
Kai caught Remy in the act when they walked into the room.
Sydney brought kendals  him into his for marriage.
Casey desperately wanted to say something but couldn't because she was a bit nervous.
Jordan was beginning to feel hungry, but he still had two hours left in his shift at work.
Kai took Jesse to the doctor's office after Jesse got dizzy and fell down at dinner.
Addison gave Riley security when they stayed together.
Carson forced Jan's hand after watching a scary movie.
Kendall shouted out Alex's name from across the room.
Jan went to the lake to fly a kite that they had with them.
Addison had a bag of small toiletries that she would give out to homeless people she met on the street. Addison carried the bag everywhere.
Bailey opened all his presents from Christmas. Bailey discovered another surprise hidden behind the tree.
Taylor stirred men's desire into giving her all of their possessions.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with jealousy after he started dating someone.
Alex was part of a fundraiser at school. Alex sold candy to a friend to make money.
Aubrey sat by the window in the airplane so they could look out the window.
Ash smelt so bad after a skunk sprayed her in the backyard.
Robin loved Alex's performance and applauded very loudly.
Kendall cooked Steak for Riley and their family at Riley's birthday party.
Lee packed Jesse's suitcase with everything he would need on his journey.
Bailey was going to make pancakes but realized they were out of milk.
Jordan took care of business before heading out to the club to blow off steam.
Jordan thanked the family for providing for their needs. They knew they asked a lot of them.
Jesse sought Sasha's explanation because they were very experienced in the field.
Ash suggested Bailey play basketball and helped them practice for the team.
Casey told Jordan that she would like to go out with him on her birthday.
Lee expressed appreciation For Syndey after she helped him move in.
Lee drove home Casey's mom after she had a little too much to drink that evening.
Lee set their feet on the soil and started working in the yard.
After spending their whole high school career trying, Kai finally made honor roll during the first semester of senior year.
Quinn killed their children and had to go to jail for a lifetime.
Jesse brought the dog to the dog park for fun.
Carson was telling his students what would be on the test next week.
Cameron felt tension run down Robin's leg as he prodded the bruised ankle to check for further signs of damage.
After Jordan's father died Jordan took her to Hawaii for a break from everyday life.
Quinn was visiting the city so Riley took them up to the tallest building to get a view.
Addison saw that Riley had great potential. They took Riley under their wing as a protege and gave them some authority.
Riley was trying to explain what the background looked like but instead gave Quinn a view of the background.
Kendall had been stealing, so Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the authorities.
Kendall rode horses all the time and is very good at it.
Addison stopped trying to figure out the problem.
Robin took Carson's phone to show them a new app.
Austin always wanted to have a big family, so Austin had three children.
Kai walked back from school enjoying his freedom and the warm spring air.
It took several months to track the criminals down but finally Robin avenged their father's day.
Austin needed money and took Addison's hours to make ends meet.
Jordan was sitting on a pew at church. Jordan made room for Tracy.
After accidentally wandering into a strange neighborhood, Alex got lost on the way home.
Addison checked Skylar's car for a flat tire and got the jack when she realized she would need it.
Jan needed more money for the budget so they increased students' tuition prices.
Aubrey wouldn't eat because they were in the middle of a hunger strike to protest eating meat.
Jordan explain another reason why they were late, but their boss wasn't buying it.
Jordan helped Sydney clean their place so they didn't have to work so much.
Jan bought eggs last week and painted pretty pictures on them.
Riley is autistic and copies what people say.
Bailey got some cash from the cash machine and gave it to their friend.
Kendall had her friends over for dinner and gave them a warm welcome when they arrived.
Robin asked Jesse if would like to leave on a camping day.
Casey had a job digging graves in the cemetery. Casey dug a deep hole at the cemetery one afternoon.
Alex tore Ash to pieces over her performance.
Sylar saw they were short on cash and paid their fees.
Quinn was sitting down and started thinking about Lee.
Remy had irritated Lee, so Lee pulled on Remy's ponytail gently.
Casey wanted to get a pet but his parents refused the request.
Sydney drank some water from the big and red shiny cup.
Riley asked Robin to return the books that he borrowed from the library.
Jordan surprised Riley's mother by giving their mother the perfect gift.
Sydney made a big deal about getting into the school of Sydney's choice.
Casey soaked the bread around Carson's saucer of high quality olive oil, drizzled with balsamic.
Carson took the day off of work after weeks of super stressful negotiations.
Lee hired workers to help Carson with all of the work they had.
Kai and Sydney became great friends and their connection increased.
Skylar took their mom to the emergency room for the third time that month.
Robin was an expert on the subject of cats, so Riley picked Robin's brain.
Alex put some items on the shelf and let their friends see it and admire it.
Tracy spent a week with Sydney's family.  They had a good time.
Skylar helped the people to understand what was happening in the politics at home.
Forgetting their phone in the car, Casey asked Jesse to tell them the time.
Ash looked around the room to find a bowl of cereal to eat right now.
Jordan persuaded the club to support the fundraiser for the charity.
Remy covered alex's body with a cover because it was starting to hail and alex might get hurt.
Sydney and Kai were best friends. Sydney wanted Kai to stay over at her house.
Sydney told Remy what had happened and Remy felt bad for Sydney and offered to help.
Riley made fun of Sydney every day and finally apologized for his bad behavior and stopped it all together.
Addison used muscle power to move the bike quickly.
Ash set out to secure funding for their new start up.
Cameron gave Austin some time to think about if he wants to continue with their relationship.
tracy was busy so she accidentally pressed upon austin in the elevator.
Tracy waited in the bushes and saw Alex's friends come around the corner.
Lee and his army comrades had been fighting a war and sadly some of their colleagues had died.  At the funeral Lee stood shoulder to shoulder with his colleagues.
Robin was getting married to the man of her dreams whom she loved.
Riley decided to sleep in even though she had to go to work.
Austin drove home at night after working all day.
Kendall wanted a challenge, so Kendall entered a marathon.
Jesse wanted to plan a party so they called their friends into the room.
Jan prevented the trash can from overflowing with trash.
Casey was stubborn and obeyed way more woman than men.
It was their anniversary and Sydney surprised their husband.
Austin dotted their ies and crossed  their tees when doing their work.
Kai took their phone out of their purse and made a phone call.
Taylor played everyday, and ignored their studies, and got kicked out of school.
Casey was invited by Carson for dinner at their house. Casey saw Carson's aunt.
Austin decided it was time and took Riley to see a doctor.
Sasha choked on their food while she was in the deli.
Jan is upset at lee and accusing him of cheating on her.
Quinn read Kai's book and really enjoyed it a lot.
Seeing that the dog was getting rambunctious, Jan let him outside.
Jesse was living their dream sailing the oceans on her boat.
Jordan started a hedge fund company in New York. They made decent money.
Jordan was quick and prevented Kendall from falling down when she tripped.
Austin studied for many hours for the test and came close to their goal score.
Lee learnt to knit because he wanted to impress his grandmother.
Jan kissed Skylar's serious boyfriend at the school dance yesterday.
Quinn spent a lot of time with the Kai family with which they were staying in America.
Sydney mapped out the course for the trip on the map and satisfied manned's plan.
Ash knocked the ball out of the park when they hit it yesterday.
Sydney made things better by getting some glue to hold things together.
Kai asked his friend to help him out with the mowing of the lawn.
Tracy rode the skateboard home from school.
Sasha fled with the stolen money to a rural beachside area and found Ash's empty hotel.
After accidently seeing her with another man, Kai called Riley's husband to inform him.
Addison finally took the book back to the library after a week.
Addison asked Tracy's girlfriend if they wanted to be Addison's girlfriend instead.
As part of the networking team, Jordan made sure he performed his part.
Kendall paid Sasha's cable bill because she was having a hard time with money.
Sydney took Kai out to lunch. They had been looking forward to this all week.
Remy spent the night in the hospital.  They had a heart attack.
Carson wanted to add some shade so he planted a tree in Kendall's backyard.
Austin made Addison say the announcement. Addison wasn't happy about being the fall guy.
Alex called the school to let them know that their child was sick and won't be in for the day.
Jordan brought the team together so they could discuss the best strategy going forward.
Jesse took his girlfriend along. She wasn't happy that he was going to leave without her.
Skylar loved riding horses and mounted Kai responsively all day long.
Bailey sat in the dark, dirty room and drank with nothing but flies for company.
Riley was watching a movie with Jordan. Riley sat by Jordan's side.
Tracy asked Lee to give them a break, so they can do something fun over the weekend.
Out of breath and winded, Tracy finally came within sight not far off from the finish line.
Alex was very shy and got uncomfortable around large groups of people.
Quinn was trying on outfits at the shop, with each outfit they tried on different shoes and left the shoes everywhere.  The shop assistant looked crossly at Quinn.
Remy posted flyers after searching for her cat for hours.
After borrowing money from lone sharks and losing it, Lee really needed money.
Carson got new glasses and was able to see better.
Cameron was Kai's assistant for years, and Cameron served Kai faithfully.
Kai acted in a different way in front of her friends and Quinn did not like it.
Janice won a trophy at the karate tournament. Bailey also got a trophy.
Cameron was offered a brand new job at the cheese sandwich factory.
Making too much racket, Kendall gave Skylar a headache with the noise.
Sasha rode their bike to the store to buy some food for themselves.
Kai was trying to chop the wood with an ax, so Kai stood the wood on its own.
Jesse bought things for the house after he moved in.
Remy had to do with the price of fish as they were necessary for the dinner party.
Remy works at Quinn's lab. Quinn provided Remy framework for their research.
Casey bought tickets immediately to their favorite band playing in town next month.
Carson deleted their facebook account. He suspected it and wanted to learn more.
Bailey had to go grocery shopping but could not leave the kids home alone so she had to get them into their car seats.
Robin decided to follow Austin to ensure that they didn't get lost.
Kendall got some new shoes at a goodwill store at a cheap price.
Kendall gave Kai a raise for all the extra work they been doing.
Aubrey had a big test tomorrow and she did not want to go to bed.
Bailey took dog toys to the dog park to play fetch with her dog.
Taylor is an organ donor. When she dies her lungs are given to a patient who would die without them.
Carson just started driving but agreed to take Ash to school.
Sasha put forth effort in making a good cake for the birthday party.
Alex was furious at what Ash did and tore her to pieces.
Alex saw Kendall's boss at the Christmas party at Kendall's house.
Cameron bought a brand new coat and wore it to a party in the evening.
Remy held open the door for the elderly woman carrying grocery bags.
Tracy tried for years to run a 5K and signed up for her first one the next month.
Aubrey did not say anything to Kai because she wanted to surprise him.
Remy got her plants for the next day in order to be prepared for work.
Quinn gave Sydney a personal education in finances and the way the economy worked.
Sydney ordered anything on the menu and got a big plate of food.
Addison was a nurse at the local hospital who improved Carson's conditions.
Tracy got some rest and mentally prepared themselves for the lengthy ceremony the following day.
Robin got Aubrey's hair cut so that they were ready for photo day at shcool.
After a long and exhausting swim in the ocean, Aubrey swam back to the pier. She was satisfied with her swim.
Bailey felt Jesse needed help but she didn't want to ask.
Tracy had let things go but wanted to start cleaning their house.
Cameron closed the stable door after the horse had been found and put back in it's stable.
Jordan suddenly heard a knock at his door as he was sleeping silently.
Jesse had borrowed Jordan's car and then lost the car keys.
Remy received Carson's reward on how to make the best plan for the economy.
Did you see who was injured for an ambulance to be called.
After his dog got hit and killed by a car, Jesse always looked sad.
Aubrey got checked out after she hadn't been feeling well all week.
Bailey tore Remy's bandaid away and Remy was very thankful for Bailey's help.
Lee called everyone to go to the big party this coming Friday.
After forgiving men for their sins, Jesse decided to pray and eat a fish.
Tracy was always good at video games, and eventually won an international tournament.
Bailey failed the exam despite having studied and tried very hard.
Quinn got new lead software. They gained new clients easily.
Remy ask Jan to clean up the mess of toys. Jan does it without being asked again.
Remy was a recluse. She never left her house.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal and settled down in front of the TV to watch cartoons.
Skylar talked to the man about getting a new job at the factory.
Riley toed the line during their teams football practice at school.
Bailey happily accepted the car even though they had a car that was fine.
Skylar showed off to her friends their new expensive car their parents bought for them which they envied.
The supervisors needed ideas for a new project. Remy exerted every idea she had.
Robin had attraction to Jordan, and wanted to tell her how he felt, so he went to talk to her.
Ash tickled Kendall's fancy by getting some cookies for dessert tonight.
Quinn killed their children. Quinn was a monster with no remorse.
Jordan wanted to give his sister a fun time so Jordan took his sister to the circus.
Alex always walked home from school and enjoyed getting fresh air.
sydney prevented the conflict from developing further by settling the situation between their friends.
Ash had been sick and exhausted for the last few weeks.
Carson wrote it online. It was well received by the public.
Riley visited his nephew for the first time after his sister gave birth.
Lee laughed together with their father. They always had the best times together.
Sasha brought hope to the others in the town.
Quinn bought a new bike and decided to ride it around the block three times.
Alex accidentally burned Carson with a cigarette. Carson ran his hand under cold water.
Skylar took his little brother fishing because he has always wanted to go.
Alex loved their mom's food and wanted to learn how to cook it.
Skylar ignored Remy's mother when she asked how he was doing.
Kendall took no for Tracy's answer because they knew they could never get Tracy to say yes.
Sasha extended Skylar's seats at her expense so that everyone could enjoy the show in comfort.
Kendall made a joke and gave Skylar a wink.
Jordan raised their daughter to help out around the house with the housework.
Jesse got it checked out after finding out that it may be trouble.
Remy looked angrily at Aubrey when suddenly they grabbed Aubrey's hair and jerked Aubrey's head back.
jordan wanted to broaden his horizons so he went deep sea fishing.
Addison found a new pair of shoes. Addison added it to their collection.
Alex took Quinn away to get a break from work.
Sydney Finally got her grade back on the test she took.
Aubrey left the classroom and went to her car to get something.
Jesse shared Jordan's love for cats and asked her to a cat cafe.
Austin Got a painting and Quinn wanted to know about it so they asked Austin to describe the painting.
Carson was going to watch his sister graduate. Carson met their sister at school to see her in action.
Alex was told Kai did not want dinner because they ate something already.
Casey collected Aubrey's thoughts to see why she was sad.
Alex enjoyed Sydney's tears too much after punching them in the stomach.
Kendall and Robin were watching a scary movie on TV. Kendall held Robin close throughout the movie.
Remy ran ahead of the babysitter to chase the hare and pretend to hunt with the hounds in the forest.
Sydney gave Addison a kick in the ass.
At two years old, Austin was a messy eater, so Jan wiped Austin's mouth.
Casey asked Jesse to tell them the time, but Jesse was busy and brushed past without answering.
Aubrey arranged Alex's interview for the associate marketer position.
Sydney never made anything, and one day her grandmother showed her how to make a cake.  It turned out well.
Austin showed Bailey kindness when everyone else was being mean.
Skylar was part of a team that was losing the game in the fourth quarter.
Quinn reduced the budget by 15 percent, which is something that previous managers failed to do.
Addison asked Tracy's girlfriend to go but was caught by Tracy in the act of infidelity.
Austin proclaimed punishment to the captive criminals after catching them stealing from the gold reserve.
Remy always wanted to ride on a horse but was scared to get on one. Remy mustered up enough courage and rode their horse.
Robin was exhausted from running a mile on the track. Sydney gave Robin some water.
After waiting till the day before the project was due, Carson started last night.
Sydney put their blankets on the floor so that they wouldn't have to walk on the cold tile floor.
Taylor is applying to college, and they have always wanted to be a scientist.
Due to her letting the cat inside, Ash will need to change the litter and fill up the water bowl.
Skylar never used their bike, so they gave it to their little brother.
Aubrey pulled Remy apart before a fight started so that the fight would be more fair.
Because they are breaking up, Skylar met Alex for the last time to return their things.
Aubrey put air in the balloon and added a long string to it.
Taylor played everyday with the old friend when before going to college.
Tracy went to the subway to meet a friend that was going to be there.
Ash looked at their mother for approval as she performed her new trick.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction when they won the softball game they won against the top rated rival team.
Bailey joined forces with the team to solidify her position.
Jan happened to pay attention and seen every variable and different thing.
Jordan bound Robin's hands together and threw her roughly into the back of their truck.
Lee was at the grocery store with their mom and their mom said they could get a snack.
Taylor wanted to meet someone special and had gotten tired of the bar scene.
Addision, an eighth grader, wanted to stay the night at her best friend's house on Saturday who lives across the street from her own home.
Bailey put an ad in the paper.  They wanted to sell some of their belongings.
Lee went to bed and decided to stretch out as far as they can.
Lee told Skylar's tale after the kids kept begging to hear it.
Sasha waited a long time to have her dog's hair trimmed.
austin was a nice person so she put quinn's name down.
Carson is a popular person known for sharing his stuff with others including snacks.
Quinn heard talk about the new girl in the building. Quinn made a lot of assumptions when they saw them.
Skylar got injured and was afraid to leave. Skylar took up hiding in their abode.
Tracy gave unto Casey her wedding ring which was a family heirloom.
After having a terrible childhood Lee went to college and turned out pretty good.
Taylor kept Jan around.
Alex grew up with Jan, and got to know them really well.
Sasha cut Cameron's hair herself and looked great for the whole group.
Jordan rested every afternoon after eating a huge meal.
Kendall played pool with Ash's dad even though Ash didn't want the two of them to talk.
Remy invited all of his friends over.  It was their birthday.
Sydney lost Robin the opportunity for a new job because he was late.
After a whirlwind and exciting concert before fans, Lee made their name.
Alex didn't have plans for his 21st birthday, but Sydney made it special for him.
Aubrey came home early from school one day after skipping class.
Alex helped Ash in every way after Ash needed extra funds to cover his late rent balance.
Alex thought he was simply another kid until he was recognized for his outstanding achievement in school.
Skylar spoke Sydney's mind for them to explain what happened.
Hundreds of customers had lined up for the store´s big promotion, and to maintain order then were given numbered tickets, so when the customer approached the service desk, Carson gave the customer a ticket.
Bailey had worked to grow out their beard all winter long.
Jesse came home to go swimming with all of the family in the back yard.
Bailey pointed Riley in the right direction when Riley was lost.
A kind man pulled over to help Ash get her car out of a snowbank. She acknowledged with thanks the help she received.
Austin came back to Carson after going to the store last night.
Sasha shared their soda with someone that was thirsty and with no money.
Ash picked the chicken entree for dinner at the wedding. He began to feel ill soon after he ate the chicken.
Taylor granted Riley the permission to be their dance partner for the big competition.
Sydney really liked Skylar and was trying very hard to become Skylar's girlfriend.
Sydney was talking with Kendall at the park and as about her kid's ages.
Even though they both worked on the class project together, and did equal work, Casey never gave Cameron credit.
Addison reached the mountain top with the team after a long and difficult hike. Addison raised the flag to see who salutes.
The town doubted that Kendall would win the race, but she proved every person wrong.
Skylar was at a parent teacher conference and was meant to meet Aubrey's teacher.
Riley went into the battle to help the people that had gotten wounded.
Cameron was trying to get work done and he found a way.
Sasha struggled to get their sweater on since their hair was just done, so Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head.
Tracy was cold when they first got to the theater, but after a couple of hours she was getting colder.
Jesse had lunch together and got some cake with a big cup of coffee.
Bailey spent a lot of time trying to figure out the problem, so Jordan gave Bailey the answer.
Jordan continued to walk home and then arrived at home to play on the computer.
Skylar found a friend named Joe and became best friends with them.
Kendall got Casey's bike fixed so he could enter the big race tomorrow.
Tracy assisted in jewelry making and was a big success.
Kendall liked one of the cars they saw on the lot and decided to buy it.
Tracy defrayed money in connection with her bank during the financial scandal.
Remy gave candy to their friends when they were at their house.
Alex was tired of stressing about his problems so he decided to just let fate decide.
Addison got up, got ready and then headed to the local park where they stretched for 10 minutes then ran 5 miles.
Jan went out to dinner with her and felt like she knew her co-worker well.
according to the article Cameron saw Casey this morning.
Alex took Cameron on a date to his favorite restaurant in town.
Quinn had too much to drink with his friends and spent the day in bed.
Quinn tried to kill Cameron after Cameron broke into their house one night.
Carson asked a Jordan a question. Jordan's reply narrowed Carson's eyes.
Lee wanted to see Addison at home so Lee could talk to Alex about their child.
After Carson cut his hand Bailey layered it with bandages to stop the bleeding.
Quinn tried to kill Cameron after Cameron accidentally walked onto her property.
Quinn climbed back up after they fell down the wall.
Lee took their child to the doctor when they got a cold.
Carson met his sister at the store when he was searching for glue to fix something.
Tracy took some money from her parents so she could pay rent.
Austin kept begging and interrupting the adults, asking for cookies. Finally, to teach the dog a lesson, Quinn gave cookies to Austin's parents but not him.
Taylor made Kai attack the other team when they were playing soccer.
Carson decided to save money for their family and instead of getting their haircut he cut it themselves.
Sydney was annoyed by a fly buzzing around. They shooed it away swiftly.
Kai wanted to adopt a kitten, so she visited a pet shop and saw the kittens up close.
Lee rescued Ash's dog and made sure he was safe.
Kai was in a jury and did not believe the defendant was guilty at all.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys and bring them down to the garage.
Lee wanted to go shopping with Sasha but didn't want to ask. Sasha asked Lee's mom for him.
Riley is Jesse's best friend in the world.
Kai let Carson babysit their children alone while Kai left for the store.
Jan wanted to donate all of the clothes for those that had none, and today, Jan accomplished their purpose.
Alex felt the pinch when the doctor gave him a tetanus shot.
Sydney took Skylar for ice cream to celebrate their good grades on their report card.
Addison helped Remy get out of trouble by doing their dirty work.
Sasha saved the mother's eggs so that she could cook them for breakfast.
Remy found an appropriate place in the right location.
Aubrey thought James was cheating yesterday so they took the card away.
Since they were hired to water the gardens for their neighbor, Kendall sprayed the hose everywhere.
When Casey moved away from her home town, Cameron asked her write home.
Kai sat on Ash's bed and tried to convince them to come over and sit.
Since Remy was the new tutor and was trying to help Lee do better in school, Remy drew Lee an analogy for the problem.
Skylar took the kids to the mall to do some Christmas shopping.
Addison slept well last night after playing baseball for several hours.
Skylar went home and decided to get some items for the dance that night.
After the incident at the school Lee went and talked to a therapist.
Robin got mad at Tracy and refused to speak to them.
Addison found a job somewhere that her family would never find her.
Quinn avoided Tracy's advances since he was a married man.
Carson woke up early in the morning and started doing chores.
Sasha sat down on Jordan's bed and they both watched a movie together.
Sasha got great grades and continued to be a brilliant, A student.
Jordan paid attention in class because he wanted to pass the final exam that was coming up.
Although he had much to do, Riley made dinner anyway. He always tried to keep his word.
Riley had always been so caring and supportive in the past, and now seemed down and depressed, so Addison did something special for Riley.
It was getting late and Alex needed to get some sleep. Alex turned the tv off.
Sydney had a crush on a boy she met over the summer.
Austin was waiting for his friend Casey, then Austin heard Casey speak behind him.
Kendall gave each of her friends wonderful gifts for Christmas that year, paid for by the bonus.
Robin took a cooking class because people were complaining about her.
Addison got Carson's friends together to go play in the park for a few hours.
Lee reached out for Alex's hand. Alex had gently touched Lee's balls in return.
Jesse supported Tracy's cause. It was a good, honorable cause.
Ash played some tricks on the people that were living with him.
Bailey wanted to have a dinner party, so Bailey asked their neighbor to stop by.
Ash texted Sasha today and asked if she would like to get lunch.
Lee made Carson their wife at the wedding and had a great cake.
Ash got Cameron's towel cleaned, but Cameron dirtied it again right after.
Jordan produced some honey annually to give away to friends and family.
riley gave no one access because riley didn't trust anyone else with the information.
Cameron joined the mission trip with the youth group and provided food to families in need.
Casey suits Jan's taste so she offered her the job.
Quinn took their good friend Bobby out for ice cream after practice.
Riley began another relationship with the person they were seeing when they were already dating someone else.
Jordan gathered together supplies so that the family would be able to get through the hurricane.
Robin threw a large dinner party for several of their friends. At the party, Robin served food.
Casey greeted their parents later.
Ash borrowed the money from a loan shark, even though they had a violent reputation.
Bailey asked if Jesse was going to their wedding, but Jesse said no.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's human resource's office for a reprimand.
Sasha lost control of the car and crashed but was able to get out of the car and use their phone.
Taylor was planning a big event for the town and had to consider the capacity of the audience.
Lee was practicing to be a clown. They really wanted to do balloon animals, so Lee got a balloon to practice with.
Cameron placed a soft kiss on her lips and told her not to tell anyone.
Skylar followed them everywhere hoping for free tickets to the concert.
Skylar just got back from the store and unloaded the groceries from the trunk of the car.
Remy answered questions that the police asked but soon realized it was an interrogation.
remy wanted to annoy aubrey so he jerked her head.
Robin finished nursery and started school this year and was really looking forward to it.
Riley told their friend that they wanted to go to the mall.
Ash used wood to support the shelf and reached for the brackets to attach.
Sydney gave Carson a new lease on life when she donated a kidney.
Ash helped Kai arrange things in order after the tornado swept through Kai's house.
There were a lot of people not even planning to the polls but Jordan persuaded many people to go out and vote.
Kai walked away from school since it was time to go home.
Quinn surprised the kids with a party because they had been really good.
Casey decided to go base jumping but had never been skydiving before. He was told by a professional he would fail if he tried without the proper training or experience. He decided not to go base jumping as a result.
Carson was out looking for a bug for his collection. Carson thought he could find it by the river.
Austin completed the race successfully after training really hard for the race.
Bailey is a member of the National Honors Society at her school. This group wanted to raise money for their class to go on a field trip. Bailey join forces with the other members of the group as they held a fundraising event.
Remy threw their toys around even though their mother said not to.
Jan taught Casey's children in pre-school and went over to say hello when she saw them at the store.
Aubrey told Riley her favorite band.
Skylar was surprised to see the red flashing lights behind her. She pulled over and complied with Officer Kendall's request to see her driver's license and registration.
Kai grabbed Quinn's chin and opened Quinn's mouth.
Carson forgave the men and Aubrey's mom despite her having talked about Carson's personal life.
Cameron got a new puppy for their birthday. Cameron screamed with joy.
Jordan took the money they earned and payed their rent and got groceries.
Casey was at a campfire and stirred up the coals to heat the fire up.
Kai found several potential jobs on the Student Union bulletin board and took advantage of the opportunites to write down their info.
Kai was so good at basket ball, he was selected to play international.
Skylar picked their favorite color on the board and it was the color blue this time.
Jan was extremely offended by their comment and wanted to fight them.
Sydney had a huge crush on Ash. Sydney made a special cake for him. Ash threw it in the trash.
Ash understood another idea and explained it to his friends.
Austin was angry at Aubrey for speaking bad about him, so he popped her in the head.
Robin asked Jesse to dine at a new restaurant that opened in town.
Remy examined the item in detail, looking for any subtle changes to it.
Lee tore open the cover. He could hardly wait to see what he had gotten in the mail.
Austin left the hospital without the doctor's permission so he wouldn't miss the game.
Jesse talked to Casey about anything interesting but Casey didn't listen at all.
Jesse is Robin's best friend. Jesse keeps Robin balanced.
Casey went home and started trying to learn how to play the guitar.
Ash cut Bailey's grass as a thank you for their kindness.
Alex was so kind that they Lee's son hugs to show gratitude.
Kai moved Kendall's hips and helped her learn the dance.
Riley turned Sasha against them self after they explained how they were wrong.
Riley understood the ambiguity around Quinn and wanted to respect his privacy.
Casey determined the truth based on research made on the painting origen last week.
Cameron increased the patient's understanding and helped them get better.
Riley opened up in the form of writing and reciting her original poetry.
Skylar met Alex for the first time and quickly tired to make him feel comfortable.
Casey gave Austin an indication of the ETA, but ended up being two hours later than that.
Jesse shared Jordan's love of birds, so they went bird watching.
Bailey made Alex deposit every cash dollar he earned into his bank account instead of wasting it.
Jesse watered Alex's lawn while they were on a trip.
Kendall needed to get onto the roof, so they got a ladder.
Riley had to work hard to fix her garden after a storm uprooted a tree onto her garden.
Lee raised Quinn's head to look at his mouth more closely.
Aubrey put on their coat and  then went home.
Jan told Taylor they knew after it seemed obvious she wasn't aware.
Austin did not want to leave the party without a ride because they were drunk.
Carson is away on vacation and Kendall offered to care for his dog until he returns.
Tracy was a cat that was trying to catch its prey. Tracy caught a bird.
Taylor's doctor diagnosed him with the flu but he was not careful about spreading his germs and he got Lee's son sick.
Jan was practicing her dance and she performed the task well.
Jordan had to drop their close friend Sasha off at the airport. Jordan brought Sasha early for their international flight.
Skylar lost Kai's power drill and looked for it for hours.
Ash brought Lee's family a gift from his trip to Las Vegas.
Ash loved Jordan well enough to marry her in the ceremony.
Taylor improved the patients mood and others were relieved after days of worrying.
Jordan always practices the game and in the finals, he ran the bases smoothly.
Sydney and Alex decided to have a girl's day. Sydney was painting Alex's nails a shade of pink.
Kendall couldn't afford a regular cable bill, so they often went to Sasha's house for TV. This month, Sasha wasn't able to pay their bill so Kendall covered it.
Carson was a basketball player and got accepted to a college team.
In order to sabotage her rival athlete, Jesse tied the shoes together.
Sydney shielded their eyes from the sun because she was sensitive to the light.
Addison gave Austin static charge when they hugged Austin tightly.
Jesse sang a song in front of a really big audience.
Skylar produced the weapon in response and thought it would be best to call for backup.
Aubrey didn't let many people know the real her. Remy knew Aubrey the best out of all the friends.
Madison looked for hours and hours but finally found that book on Amazon  on sale.
Ash needed money fast and decided that committing a crime was their only choice left.
Taylor was wandering around the beach looking for interesting things to see on vacation.
Jan had been really busy with their sick kid so Quinn went out and bought the stuff Jan needed.
Robin was playing a video game instead of studying for the big test.
Cameron told Jan's stories to everybody and they all loved hearing about her.
Cameron stretched out their arms and Tracy was practicing their free throw at practice.
Sasha returned the food to the store when they realized that the food was rotten.
Jesse got some news from the police downtown. Jesse's family was in the kitchen and called them into the room.
Jordan flings open the door so they could tell their mom what happened that day.
Sydney purchased a new planner from the store to keep track of important appoints moving forward.
Ash packed up Jordan's stuff and had to wave goodbye for the day.
Riley wore a body suit to bridge the gap between Ash and them so that they could be close together.
Robin was talking about the great Scientist Alex and their amazing discoveries.
Lee read Tracy the new article about the two and their new ambitious business.
Alex formed Sydney's whole speech for the big event as a professional writer.
Sash assured Leed he would be fine after he got surgery on his arm.
When Remy got a new video game console, she invited friends over to play.
Skylar gave their son a video game which made all the other kids want it too.
Ash and Jesse were wrestling in the match and Ash gave Jesse the eye while pinning him down.
Bailey put Cameron to sleep when she got tired at night.
Jesse's friend threw a surprise party for Jesse.  Therefore, Jesse showed their appreciation.
Jordan turned the car around because he forgot something at home.
Riley asked the question that made everyone lose their jobs overnight.
Casey wanted to build the model together but she left the glue in the other room.
Tracey obeyed Remy's commands since she was outranked.
Tracy tried to pick it up.
Jordan moved across the country and really liked the new area they lived in.
Bailey expressed their emotions through yelling and screaming after the divorce.
Kendall tried hard to keep her job and help pay for her school.
Jordan was driving to the lake but forgot something. They turned the car around.
Sydney told Beth that she wanted to go to a movie with her.
Robin had passed away during that fateful night because of his declining health.
In their article, Maryland gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
bailey was kind so she escorted them to their house quickly.
Tracy sold their collection of cards on Ebay for a lot of money.
Austin discussed every type of drink with the bartender and settled on the one that the bartender suggested.
Austin got Sasha money for their birthday present that year.
Remy took Skylar's money and spent it on what he wanted.
Lee learnt to knit as a hobby and wanted to sell their goods.
Kendall imagined what Skylar was seeing by using her brain.
Sasha caught the flu and slept a lot. They got really sick.
Syndey was worried that someone might take the ball.
Bailey played baseball with a friend for the last time today.
Quinn gave their friends a ride to the concert when they needed one.
Remy won the last pair of tickets to a sold out concert for their favorite band. Remy doesn't want to go alone.
Addison knew she could take a shortcut to get the project done faster. Addison always followed code so she didn't do it.
Tracy had planned a girl's night out and Tracy wouldn't let Casey come along.
Jordan gave them Robin's support from her garagre full of tools.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree after Bailey sold the Christmas tree since plans were changed.
Kendall decided to walk to school because it was a nice day.
Carson's wife got home from the grocery store. Carson got food from their wife.
Jan persuaded the baker to make a pie for their next large party at the office.
Sydney saw Addison first thing when she walked through the door to the birthday party. Sydney wished Addison a happy birthday.
Taylor improved the patient's mood by spending extra time with them until they felt better.
Kendall saw their friends wave at them, so they waved back.
Bailey cooked all day to provide a meal to the family members after the deacon's funeral.
Tracy bought their dream car at the dealership today.
Tracy went to an animal shelter and picked out an adorable kitten. Tracy brought the kitten home.
Carson didn't want their leftovers, and Rempy was starving.
Taylor was a very well read individual.  He always was in the middle of a book.
Riley is Remy's baby and is just learning how to talk.
Robin started school late and bought an alarm on her way home.
Taylor is used to sharing a bed with their two year old child who kicks and rolls around a lot. Taylor sleeps alone one night.
Ash received positive feedback for his hard work on the assignment.
Ash saw another dog at the park playing.
Jesse got a tutor after he took his math test at school.
Sydney went home to eat instead of going to the restaurant.
Sydney got home late after she had an accident driving back home.
A new employee just came in to learn the job today.
Sydney knew Kai well enough that he made a decision.
I was sitting on the bench crying when Kai walked up.
Kendall broke into their neighbor's barn and mounted Aubrey's horse in the middle of the night.
Sasha was an incredible long distance runner, and Sasha threatened every record.
Ash sent their daughter to the store to buy fruit.
Even though Kai yelled at Sydney in frustration when Kai failed the English final exam he had studied so hard for Sydney still felt deep love for him.
Jan was in a rock band, so they played music with their friend.
Bailey rented and managed properties for a hefty fee and didn't give refunds.
Casey served his turn and dropped all of the plates.
Addison wanted to help a customer so she called the customer into Skylar's office.
Skylar was offered a high paying position in her field of expertise. She quit her old job.
Addison put their friend in the trunk of the car and then drove away very quickly.
Taylor was a bartender at the new bar.
Tracy always teased their sister in a fun way but in front of people.
Skylar tightened Ash's hold onto the railing so she wouldn't fall.
Jordan provided Tracy a service in return for the money promised to him.
Skylar went into the office and hurt the spider that was in there.
Jordan runs a cleaning company.
Sasha gave a briefing of the expense report to her boss.
Remy chose buffet. He felt that was the best option at this restaurant.
Riley came home from their camping trip with lice, so Riley shaved their hair off.
Taylor had a patient who was depressed. Taylor improved the patient's mindset.
Skylar took their dog to a park and he played with other dogs.
Jordan offered Robin an explanation about why they weren't at worki.
Casey always admires their favorite author.  Casey met the author in person.
By the time Aubrey had realized the mistake, they had painted themselves into a corner.
Kai fixed the problem immediately when the system crashed after the major release.
Quinn climbed back onto the ship. He had a duty to be fulfilled.
Bailey made Sydney food when Sydney was too sick to make some themselves.
Sydney gave Carson's life meaning when she became his first born child.
Cameron finally beat the high score and rubbed it in their faces.
Kendall gave Robin a long detailed explanation so that she had a better understanding.
Jesse was not able to pay their phone bill for a while. Jesse changed their number.
Alex cleared Sydney's head by telling her silly stories.
Casey was getting very impatient, so Alex kept him occupied.
Ash decided the best way to punish her son Kai was to ground him for a month.
Cameron lived her dream of skydiving when she went with her friends one day.
Sydney got Sasha's picture taken secretly after silently stalking them throughout the town.
Kai experienced his first kiss on prom night. He remembered that night forever.
Kendall was a pastry chef who wanted to make a fantastic gingerbread house for Christmas.
Quinn also gave in. They were tired of fighting.
Sasha caused Jordan's reaction by sucking with her mouth and gently massaging balls with their hands.
Jan heard Austin's mother's cursing.
Kendall had Skylar's back and made sure nothing happened to them.
Lee finally found it.
Addison gave candy to Skylar's son and he enjoyed it a lot.
Aubrey finished her college degree and succeeded their father at the company he had built.
After Skylar made reflections and changed courses of actions, Taylor restored the power to Skylar's position.
Jordan left her father's side after finding out he was a liar and a cheat.
Asher was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
lee was a nice person so he helped ash wash her hands.
Jesse fell off the skateboard and scraped his knee on the pavement.
Lee came over later to discuss some important matters.
Carson sent his brother to fight and regretted it immediately.
Sasha asked Lee's mom to help even though Lee asked them not to.
Tracy gave Quinn a piece of cake and Quinn ate it not knowing it had deadly poison in it.
Casey suits Jan's tastes and Jan is thinking that Casey may be the perfect mate.
Jesse is broke and needed help with her bills. Sasha is a hard worker, so she decided to pay them for him.
Jesse solved Aubrey's problems after she begged repetitively to help her.
Sasha worked two jobs and had to go home each night to a nice show to watch.
Jesse traced briefly the dots on the paper with the image underneath.
Jan wiped Austin's eyes and told him that everything was going to be okay.
Quinn reduced the water by a factor of two because she wanted to save some water.
Alex was upset after losing their pet and needed a hug.
Carson led Jan to start exercising and eating better and it led Jan's life to be better.
Cameron found out that Alex was being dishonest, so Cameron knew when Alex lied to Cameron.
Cameron was walking their dog when she saw a big tiger.
Quinn used a pen he took rudely from Casey's hands.
Jesse was excited to be starting a new job and made sure he was fully prepared.
Quinn demanded Remy answer the questions that they had for work.
according to the Bailey called the water company.
Madison was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney received a letter.  It was an admission letter from one of the colleges that they applied for.
Skylar got into Sydney's head and knew every detail of Sydney's life.
Aubrey knew it was Casey's birthday, so she bought Casey a pair of shoes.
Remy moved to the city for a new job but had to stay with friends.
Kai did not want the product anymore so Quinn gave her a refund.
Casey had a big final exam at school worth 50% of their grade so they prepared all week.
Remy got Taylor's bearings fixed. They needed new bearings to replace it.
Casey rode her bike to the movies and had a great time there.
Sydney shielded her eyes from the sun while laying out on the beach.
Austin ran the comb through Bailey's hair while he was cutting it.
Lee made fun of Jan for spilling her lunch in front of everyone which made her so embarrassed.
Lee went out to dinner with friends and met the love of their life.
Quinn gave cookies to Austin's parents after Austin told Quinn that they would like them.
Tracy needed to go to the South, and Autin family were going, so she asked Austin's family for a ride.
Sasha was being more active and it was a nice day outside.
Riley held their liquor while the others tried to get sober.
Casey's programming error cost Casey's business thousands of dollars.
Carson entered the house and grabbed all of the cleaning supplies.
Ash went home the following week because of his cancer.
Ash and Remy are in the campus library together studying for an upcoming exam which they both will have to take for the semester.
Addison looked in his friend's wallet.
Tracy obeyed Remy's commands even though Remy was often rude to Tracy.
Robin won the trial successfully as the lead attorney.
Sasha was talking to Robert, who Riley was in love with, so Riley stared at Sasha with jealous eyes.
Robin raised their eyebrows after being told some news.
Sasha got hit in their car while they were driving home one day.
Yesterday, Jesse told Ash she would be at her home early on Sunday morning.
Austin occupied their time until it was time for them movie to start.
Cameron was playing with blocks when his brother came and pushed them over. Cameron hit their brother for messing it up.
kendall made fun of skylar at school so kendall felt badly.
Ash bought a new motorcycle with his high yearly bonus.
Skylar took the Brown family to the Superbowl for the whole day as a treat.
Skylar gently grabbed Kendall's head and slowly tilted it back towards them.
Remy invited Sydney to visit her at her new college.
Jan always tries their best, going above and beyond the minimum work that is required. Jan preforms above expectations at her job.
Sasha took Sydney's family to dinner to celebrate her birthday.
Addison supported Cameron's families decision about getting a new and brown dog that day.
Jesse wrote the names on the board of the winners and the others were very excited.
Tracy's family is hungry and needs money to eat for the week.
Kendall thrust Alex's hips into hers while they were in the kitchen.
Alex invited Sasha's friends over for a yummy dinner of a big ham with some rolls.
Jan worked a long shift at work today. Later, Jan cooks dinner for their family.
After looking up the number for the restaurant, Ash used their cell phone to make the call.
Bailey was caught hitting another student during class.
Jesse forgave her siblings their sins.
Lee stood behind the one way glass and identified every suspect with ease.
Jesse lived comfortably in his fifth floor walk up on the lower East side.
Casey did not want to talk to their parents and made sure to avoid them later.
Ash drew pictures to represent his feelings about the serious car accident he was in.
skylar was sick so she took a vacation and spent the next week at home.
Alex realized Jan forgot her wallet. She is going to need it for the places they go today.
Tracy was always good at math, but she was so uncoordinated.
Sydney brought Jesse into line after she saw Jesse refused to follow orders.
Robin took the paper back to the counter to pick up her order.
Cameron turned Taylor's face to an ugly one with the makeup.
Austin gave Robin a good reason for her not to go with them.
Casey surprised her boyfriend with his favorite meal.
Bailey saw a dog outside and decided to let it be alone.
Taylor reached Alex's hand with her own because they loved each other.
Sasha got higher scores on the exam than she could have hoped for after studying weeks in advance.
Kai was tired of being overweight and unhealthy so he decided to start eating better.
Tracy knew Jan was thirsty and told her to take the lemonade.
Ash and their teacher ate lunch together because Ash wanted to have a picnic.
Riley explained everything is simple language that everyone could understand easily.
Jordan imagines what it would look like if he got the career of his dreams and become rich.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity for a job at the business they managed.
Jordan expressed his appreciation to the people who made his award possible.
Robin prevented their dog from running out in the street by pulling on its leash.
Austin planted flowers in a place Tracy told them was too sunny. Tracy protected Austin's flowers from the sun while they were at the store.
Ash caught the kids smoking behind the dumpster but let them off with a warning.
Jan went to a new school and joined the basketball team to show their skills.
carson sold their phone that they loved dearly because they needed the money for rent.
Sydney took Skylar for ice cream today after school to celebrate her birthday.
Sasha was known to cheat and copy people's homework. Alex kept their homework away from Sasha.
Remy asked Tracy their thoughts on the new project he was starting.
Aubrey planted a tree in her backyard and watched it grow as tall as it could.
After being whined at for days, Kai finally told their kids no.
After failing to socialize because of her preoccupation, Tracy decided to leave the party.
Lee twisted their ankle and Sasha was helping them with things around the house.
Aubrey went to my friend's house to look for me but nobody was able to find me.
Jordan made decent money and decided to donate to a charity.
Carson turned Jordan's attention to the work they are doing.
Alex kept Casey occupied while her friends set up the birthday party.
Sasha just woke up and wanted roommate Skylar to wake up too, so Sasha just shook Skylar's head.
Kai gave people hope although they looked hopeless.
Remy had borrowed money from Kendall to pay his bill. Remy paid Kendall back right away.
Cameron sat next to Bailey's friend at the meeting. Cameron talked to Bailey's friend before it started.
Sydney came to pick out a cropper because she needed to get a new one.
robin was a hard worker so kai let robin sleep.
Addison took Jan's husband up to the bedroom and proceeded to seduce them.
Alex told Tracy she was pregnant when he got the results from the doctor.
Remy beat Carson's personal record in cross country running.
Jan met the organization's president and he complimented her a lot.
Quinn was involved in a debate about the political crisis going on in the country.
Robin provided Austin a good environment. She had been around the wrong people in the past.
Ash got a new job and earned money to pay the rent that was due two days ago.
Remy had gave Kendall an advantage during the race.
Carson brought Casey inside to get him out of the rain.
When the dentist called their name, Addison turned quickly towards Alex, and said they were next.
Taylor talked to Jesse in class and got Jesse in trouble.
Even though the work project was getting quite discouraging, Jesse kept their eyes on the prize.
The backdoor slammed open and Kendall held Robin close as cause they were afraid.
Taylor stayed up all night partying and got no sleep. Taylor went to work anyway.
Alex told Kai he did not want trouble when Kai was getting mad at him being around.
Cameron considered the issues between two disputing employees carefully.
Remy and their crew worked for 6 hours to get Taylor's bearings fixed.
Skylar took a math class and got a really good grade in the class.
Aubrey gave their friend a phone to use and call them when they needed help.
Austin boarded the train so he can travel a very long way.
Addison and Tracy decided to donate their work to a charity for dogs.
Austin worked his fingers to the bone in order to set a good example to others.
Jordan was feeling stressed and tense lately, and they found that yoga helped them relieve their tension.
Jan cast aspersions aside when they decided that they did not want to do anything for work.
jesse wanted to get super drunk so he took money to a bar.
Jordan told Addison he had said something bad when he was in a bad mood.
Skylar gave their son a video game for their birthday with the understanding that they'll have their playtime limited.
During his stage magic show Alex wowed the audience by pulling a rabbit out of his hat.
Austin finished building Quinn's home last week and Quinn is very thankful.
Aubrey completely forgot to turn him her homework even though she finished it already.
Tracy found a nice man and decided to ask him out on a date.
Jan cannot pay the rent because she lost her job but Lee made her move out anyway.
according to the article  Taylor bought the shoes.
Riley kept in touch with Bailey by using the messaging app on their phones.
Cameron drinks coffee every morning. This morning Cameron made coffee on the stove.
Casey never gave Cameron respect even though they had been friends for years.
Addison broke every rule and it caused a lot of damage for her team.
Sydney was painting Alex's nails for her to practice painting nails.
Ash inherited a huge house from Tracy's father after his death because they had been close.
Mateo was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Nathan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Ash popped cookies in the oven to enjoy later that day for a bit.
Riley got a new car and decided to drive it to another state.
Bailey took the phone to the park to be able to call home.
Jordan performed his tasks with ease and got a promotion because of it.
Austin  knew Alex was very smart and taught Alex to read when he was 4 years old.
Sydney bought a replacement tire when her tire failed on the road.
ash was annoying so she moved cameron's shoe by an inch to see his response.
After looking in every library and through multiple sites, Addison found the movie.
cameron was a doctor so he gave me some free medicine.
Skylar needed to get a job so he could pay for all his bills.
kai married a girl he met in the city when he went there for vacation.
Lee came into Quinn's head while Quinn was thinking about who she wanted to hang out with this weekend.
Addison wanted a change so she got a new haircut.
Sydney shooed the bobcat away fast from her backyard to make sure her dog was safe.
Tracy took Riley's hand and threaded their fingers through hers to hold hands.
Jordan gave Robin support when Jordan found out Robin was sick.
Quinn put their foot down when their girlfriend wanted to buy another purse at the store.
Cameron broke my leg on purpose by hitting me hard with a hammer.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper a secret so that no one nearby could hear her.
Sydney cut Sasha's nails because Sasha couldn't cut their own nails at the time.
Casey told Lee the story so that they would know what was going on.
Taylor's teacher says history always finds a way to repeat itself. Taylor becomes fascinated by history.
Riley needed to get online to research its value.
Remy came over to make Tracy feel better after her dog died. After a while, Tracy gave Remy an expression of happiness.
Alex entered their father's office because they had something to say to their father.
Cameron showed Quinn how to play soccer so Quinn would make the team.
Addison fixed their flat tire and went on to fix other tires that day.
Kendall ate one cracker after another due to extreme hunger.
Remy loved Tracy a lot and planned a marriage proposal.
Austin was trying to start a recycling program and Quinn help Austin.
Bailey wanted to leave the museum early, but Bailey never found the exit.
Sasha made decisions for Remy because she was so young.
Robin asked Remy for Alex's number. Alex didn´t want to talk to Remy and asked who had given Remy his number.
Bailey chased Carson around the house, giggling along the way.
Skylar was never a good math student, so when they took it in college they struggled. However, Skylar accomplished their work and received a B.
Cameron drove Jesse home in Jesse's car because they were too tired to drive and when they arrived home Cameron laid Jesse's keys on the table.
Quinn ended the friendship. The aggravation and cost had gone on too long.
Casey used Austin's procedure as an excuse to take two weeks off of work.
Alex outlived their usefulness and many people were hurt by Alex's decision.
Jan bought toys for her children to get ready for Christmas.
Quin needed to make dinner for the family but didn't have all the ingredients. Quinn substituted salt for another ingredient.
Robin helped Riley celebrate her 13th birthday by letting her get her ears pierced.
After leaving the store, Riley decided to go get a tattoo and find a Chinese restaurant.
Sydney had two different exams the next day. Sydney felt overwhelmed.
Riley went to the baseball game with a friend named Ash and had a nice time.
Casey rushed Sasha to the vet after she was hit.
Addison's name was associated with Cameron's name on the research paper even though she did nothing to help.
Sasha played basketball well.
After several days of arguing with the boss, Bailey finally was exhausted. Bailey let it be.
Addison discussed these direction in detail to her friend, since the cabin was off the main roads.
Skylar quit her job because of the harassment she received for her gender.
Every afternoon Jordan took a quick nap to rejuvinate himself.
Casey found Ash playing with his favorite toy. Casey saw how much he loved it and let Ash keep it.
Lee left their bike in the garage because it was going to rain.
Kai walked away from school proud of her perfect grade point average.
Quinn has been making some art work and giving it to close friends.
Bailey used trickery to control them.
Jordan had a nail in their tire. Jordan kept their driving to a minimum.
Cameron was having a sleepover and it was time to go to bed. Cameron turned the lights off.
Ash was almost late but thankfully got to the test just in time.
Alex wrote Lee's essay when Lee had been sick a lot.
Kai enjoyed going to the new activities center in town to play paintball with friends.
Quinn had money to pay his rent for his apartment. Instead of paying the rent, Quinn spent the money quickly on a new car stereo system.
Robin put their finger on the doorbell to ring it.
Taylor wanted to stay at the party. Aubrey persuaded Taylor to leave.
Sasha laughed in her sleeve after seeing her friend trip and fall on the floor.
Remy asked Jordan to dinner for the third time that night.
Cameron took her pet to the veterinarian to get a new rabies shot.
Quinn and Kendall hung out a lot alone. Quinn had never met Kendall's friends come to think of it.
Ash stood on Jordan's leg for a long time and broke it.
Sasha threw the candy back. She felt bad about it afterwards when her mother stared at her angrily.
remy was a big person so she got jesse's phone back from the bully.
Addison felt healthy after following the diet that their doctor suggested.
Jesse finally met their friend at the park and had a nice chat about food.
Ash stole one of the toys from the other kids and ended up getting in trouble.
Luna was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall was playing football with their brother and passed them the ball.
Taylor brought Riley to the school and he brought her into the cafeteria for the dance.
Skylar has been bogged with work and wishes she could take a vacation.
Addison learned to walk and had a good time making the first jog.
Casey was dyslexic so Kendall completed their application for a job so that Casey would get an interview and show their skills then.
After fighting with their twin, Robin sat alone in their room to reflect on the argument.
Aubrey was critical after she finished reading Lee's paper for the Science Fair.
Quinn invited their family on the outing at the park.
Kai went back to my house after going for a job before breakfast this morning.
Jordan found Jan's wallet in the back of the car and returned it to Jan.
Cameron was on the bench watching the game while it happened live.
Jesse lost Kendall's life though they operated long into the night.
Bailey brought food outside to the animals that were in the barn.
Kai jumped out from behind the door as Robin entered, scaring the crap out of her.
Robin would help whoever is in trouble or in need in their neighborhood.
Tracy could not get the position on their own so Skylar afforded them the opportunity.
Austin was in the kitchen with his grandma. Austin and her made bread together that afternoon.
Bailey kept the commandments of her religious text because his parents told him to.
Bailey did not feel like going to school. They faked being sick.
Sydney sung together and they impressed the crowd with their great talent.
Skylar was building a computer that was faster than what they could buy. Skylar did their utmost best.
Quinn saw a vending machine at the auditorium and wanted a snack. Quinn put coins in the vending machine.
Alex turned blue when he had inhaled the food he was chewing.
Addison called the customer into Skylar's office and proceeded to search them for the stolen items.
Kendall was really good at work, and her bosses gave her a promotion.
Quinn played chess with Cameron's friends after school one day.
Jordan moved to Hollywood last year after a recruiter said that they could be the next sex symbol of Hollywood.
Robin baked all day to have enough cookies to send to her kids' classrooms.
Jordan discover that the dog has pooped on the footpath so they get their poop bag and then Jordan takes care of business.
Skylar put things in the right direction by placing them correctly to solve the hard puzzle.
Carson took the advice to heart. Carson was successful using the advice he got.
Jan's wallet was located by Jordan.
Cameron ate Italian food at that little place down the street.
Bailey was a high ranking cleric in the church.
Austin pulled Taylor closer in a hig after Taylor's father died.
Kai's girlfriend's birthday is close. Kai wanted to give her a nice piece of jewelry. Kai worked late.
Tracy protected AUstin's face from the sun by applying plenty of high SPF sunblock.
Jan wanted to throw a surprise party tomorrow for her friend Max. Jan set the plan in motion.
After stealing Sasha's check from their purse when they weren't looking, Riley cashed Sasha's check.
Alex was getting ready to go hiking so he packed his backpack.
Taylor found Cameron's seats empty and decided to report him to the authority.
Casey got their shirt out of the drier after they washed their clothes one afternoon.
Aubrey took kindly to the stranger because the stranger helped Aubrey with directions.
Ash spent time with her friend at the bowling alley that night.
Jesse forgot to set the alarm for the house. Jesse went back to the house.
Sasha broke every record when she took part in many different games.
Robin finally landed after being on a flight for 14 hours.
When she couldn't get her way in the argument, Sydney stormed off to her room.
Lee decided to make an online website for the practice. Lee helped their practice this way.
Cameron took their chance with the dice and won some money at the casino.
Sydney found out Kendall was having an affair just before dinner. Sydney tried to kill Kendall with a cast iron pan.
Robin was especially hard to get along with so she tried to be more friendly.
Carson got his wish, and all the people loved them and no one else.
Kai knew that Riley was sick and offered to take his kids to school.
Jordan used the arm floats to stay afloat in the water.
At first Tracy was excited to go to the party, but Tracy knew no one.
Bailey went to Mexico and went to the beach and jumped into the water.
Addison gave their support for Sasha's position, and was soon seen as a trusted adviser.
Lee needed an answer from Sydney so Lee gave Sydney a call.
Sydney played games last night after a hard day at work with her two kids.
Sasha gave Aubrey a silly look and made their friend laugh.
Cameron looked around but skylar blocked his veiw of the whale.
Austin showed Bailey kindness when everybody else was being cruel and offensive.
Riley got Robin a business opportunity at the local mall for a few hours each day.
Jordan wanted to get back together with her so he came near Quinn last night.
Sydney surprised their husband with WWE tickets to a PPV event.
Bailey stopped the press. It had a paper jam.
Carson stood against Addison's back because they were trying out a new game.
Addison checked Skylar's car for issues, and saw that a couple tires needed replaces.
Jared said Austin's hair looked ugly, so Austin changed his hair color.
Cameron ran a red light which resulted in a accident that killed his son.
Remy wasn't being careful and got tangled up in the cord.
Casey raised animals to buy things for the university and some medicines.
Riley gave the boy two tickets to the rock show so that he could have a good time.
Alex used his influence to prevent his friend from being fired from their job.
Remy saw Bailey's grandma fall out of her chair.
Skylar found the cat hiding under Remy's bed and told Remy that's why the bed smells bad.
skylar wanted to be a funny painter so she bearded every painting.
Even though they were trying very hard to quiet, Carson made a noise and drew attention to the hiding spot.
Sasha left ages ago when the boyfriend did not treat her right.
Aubrey invited Lee over for a party, but Lee was being obnoxious. Aubrey made Lee go home.
Jordan did not want to be hurt again. Jordan kept friends at a distant.
Sydney told Carson that they liked how they played during the game.
Addison gave the bill collector their money with enough extra to cover the neighbor's obligations.
Bailey washed Riley's face to help them prepare for school.
Bailey had been offered a deal on her failing business. Casey urged Bailey to accept the deal.
Alex bought Jordan a new shirt after spilling on the one he borrowed.
Sasha left the kitchen in a mess to clean up later.
Alex planned a gathering so they went bowling last weekend.
Jan paid Robin's traffic fine in full but the money was only a loan.
Robin did everything in their power to put on a good show and in the end it was a success.
Quinn helped Addison keep himself together because Addison was starting to lose their cool.
Skylar was feeling hungry, so they decided to get a pizza for their lunch.
according to the article Kendall sold Skylar's purse at the price of next to nothing.
Jordan took some time with his homework to make sure that he would pass.
Riley took Jan inside the room to play some games for a few hours.
Tracy kept their mother away all afternoon while they finished making her surprise.
Quinn gave cookies to Austin's parents to eat while they talked about life.
Riley ripped Jordan apart on the basketball court which impress the scouts.
Cameron had used Sydney's money well. They had everything they needed to start refinishing the kitchen.
Lee took Alex's time away from an important project to guard the president at his upcoming speech.
Aubrey conducted job interviews with 10 candidates. Aubrey was able to hire only 2 people. Aubrey shook hands with 8 unemployed workers respectively.
Ash met a girl named Quinn the other day at the store.
Kendall also said the secret to the group of people that were listening.
Addison covered their eyes with their hands because the movie scene was very terrifying.
Tracy was asked to pick the movie to watch that evening.
Casey urged Bailey to go to the event to accept an award for their hard work.
Skylar is Quinn's lover but is very jealous.
Addison took Jan's husband with her to a big resort.
I was running late so Sydney dropped me off and parked my car.
Sydney looked at their nose and noticed that it was crooked.
Cameron watched a movie on Remy's phone and read Remy's texts.
Sasha left days ago so Bailey was left to practice by himself.
Sasha wanted to meet Sydney's family so they took them out to dinner.
Sasha knew she was right despite everyone trying to prove her wrong. She stuck to her guns.
Tracy uttered many offensive words at Kai to show how she felt.
Jan took a sip of Sydney's coffee to try the taste.
A college professor assigned his students to small groups and come up with a project involving horses and make a presentation to the class. Sasha knows more about the topic than the rest of her group members. In order to complete the assignment on time and correctly, Sasha called all the shots.
Jordan spent a night in jail after something horrible and regretting it.
Jesse went to the animal shelter to find a new dog to be his companion.
Addison read the newspaper everyday over breakfast before going to work.
Alex was not happy being alone and decided to spend more time with people.
Quinn wanted to go shopping. Quinn was accompanied by Sydney's wife.
Aubrey asked the waitress about the specials, particularly what ingredients they were made with.
Tracy played baseball with Kai's friend and they had the best time on the ball field.
Addison got a haircut with Casey and they both loved their new hairstyles.
Kai was feeling overwhelmed by the amount of homework they had to complete.
Robin avenged their father's name after someone talked badly about him after he passed away.
Austin gave Robin reason to pursue on because Austin cared for Robin as a friend.
Cameron wanted a new car so he got a brand name car.
Quinn talked to a friend about a surprise party they were planning for another friend.
Cameron was sick at school, and could barely stand up on their own, so Aubrey took Cameron home to rest.
Jan searched everywhere for it but couldn't find the remote, so he had to get up to change the channel.
The jungle was full of trees and vines, and Ash got lost amongst it.
Kendall was camping and helped get the fire started at the campsite.
Jan made Riley's object. It was an unusual piece of work but very good.
Skylst had a flat tire.  Addison offered to help change the tire.
lee wanted to assassinate the president and top senators so he carried out their plans.
Addison wanted to make Kendall feel included, so they put Kendall's ideas into action.
Lee threw their cloths away even though they were still in good condition.
ash was the perfect student mentally and physically, so she never missed a school day.
Jordan put the fear of god into me with the prolonged prank.
Robin was especially hard to his family and friends.
Sasha had a horrible hangover from the night before. As a result, Sasha slept late.
jordan liked taylor so taylor used jordan's name.
Addison was trying to pick up extra hours. Before Addison could pick up another shift, Austin took the hours.
Robin was being really morbid and dragging down the group. Robin cast a shadow over everyone.
Aubrey got Bailey's apple tree to grow and bear a lot of fruit.
Casey bought another towel after Casey found out it is on sale.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's order to wash the dishes because they live together.
Jan played basketball with their friend.  They had such a great time.
Taylor burst in with a weapon and killed Addison immediately.
With the help of friends and family, Cameron finally beat caner.
Tracy dropped their food so they spent more money to get another serving.
Kendall wanted Jan to answer earlier. Jan wasn't at home though and Kendall doesn't believe her.
Kai's connection with Sydney increased after the two went on a date more than once.
Skylar was dressed in such a nice outfit that her confidence rocketed while performing the dance.
Jan always loved riding horses to the quarry there.
Bailey was running late for work, but Bailey would make it on time.
Skylar looked horrible after the bad haircut she received today.
Sasha brought the kitten home with her after she found it in a gutter.
Despite there were a lot a people in the bank, Tracy robbed the bank alone.
Bailey gave thanks to their family for making their life so great.
Robin expressed interest in taking Jordan out on a date.
Jan met the organization's newest employee and showed her around.
Robin held the baby in Ash's arms after Ash gave birth to her.
Alex slowly led Quinn into the room where they started making out.
After meticulously preparing the details for several months, it was finally time for Sasha. Sasha presentend Tracy's case before a jury.
riley was older than bailey so he gave her a head start in the race.
Tracy started to exercise this morning. It was about time she took her health seriously.
Alex made Jesse nervous.  Alex was very aggressive.
As soon as Skylar returned to work after surgery, she resumed her duties.
riley wanted to have a good time so he prepared for the recception.
Casey made a profit selling her tshirts and decided to start a website.
Lee knelt next to Jesse and began to pray softly.
Skylar worked so hard that week that she had to take a break and spend the next week relaxing.
Carson visited from NYC. They wanted to stay since they lived in a rat's nest.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to be promoted in the company.
Skylar told Taylor to come back home for dinner when it was ready.
riley showed the college to their parents in the hopes that they would approve.
Alex pursued Carson's policy because it was the best idea yet.
cameron wanted to be mean so he sat on their hands.
Sydney had opened a stand at the local arts festival and wanted to make some sales.
Taylor saved money for later so she could buy a snack.
Jan focused Remy's attention on something else so they could steal Remy's purse.
Wanting to get outside the house for errands, Aubrey left the dog alone.
Looking to entertain the crowd, Alex spun a yarn.
After applying to different places for months, Robin finally landed a new job.
Kai hired someone to clean up around their work place.
Jordan saw he could get more. He just wasn't sure how to go about it.
Austin had eyes bigger than his stomach. Austin mom always has been worried about Austin eyes. She told him need to see a professional.
When the bus didn't come, Quinn had to walk 3 miles to school in the rain.
Addison's friends needed to use the restroom while waiting in line and so Addison kept their place.
Aubrey stroked Jan's hair and gave her comfort when she was upset.
Sydney knocked on Carson's door after she smelled food and wanted some.
Jan was a real go getter and met the company's CEO.
Jesse could not make it to the wedding, so Jesse sent a gift instead.
Austin decided to go to a fortune-teller. Jordan gave Austin a view of the future.
Carson would get better if Carson follow doctor's instructions faithfully.
Kai visited friends and brought them souvenirs from where they live.
Addison called their manager into Skylar's office to have a chat.
Jan is a political science student who is involved in local politics.
Sydney poured the water in Tracy's hair after making her hold the stuffed bear.
Tracy drew attention to the fact that females were being paid less than men.
Feeling something was in his eye and it hurt, Alex batted an eyelash.
Tracy accidentally got high because his brother was smoking weed in his bedroom.
Skylar does not make decisions and chooses to follow the crowd.
Jesse got hired on for a new job. Jesse soon began working at the company.
Jordan found Jan's wallet and gave it back to them.
Bailey wanted to go back to work but Casey insisted that she receive the award first.
Austin shot their load toward the sky because they had just won so much money.
Quinn spends all day preparing for the barbeque. Quinn realizes they haven't eaten all day as they hear their stomach growl while making hamburger patties.
Aubrey was playing football with their friends and fell on her feet while playing.
Cameron worked for the post office in his town. Cameron delivered mail to everyone daily.
Bailey stayed home from work.  They called in sick.
remy looked into the time machine and realized he would receive a reward in the future.
Jan visited her relatives at the national park picnic area.
Riley decided to adopt a kitten but wasn't sure what type of kitten to get.
Jesse worked hard to get where she's at, she finally got the raise she deserved.
Aubrey reached the office in time and had a good time explaining the weird traffic.
Sydney replied back to their friends text when asked if they could play.
Carson learned to read before his fourth birthday and spent many hours with his books.
Riley rescued Jan from having to do chores by seeing if they could play.
Lee couldn't bend down because of his injury so Riley tied Lee's shoes for him.
Ash was a very hardworking student at a prestigious college.  They became successful.
After being injured in an accident Lee was entrusted into Cameron's care until he got better.
Casey was younger but more athletic and beat their brother one on one in basketball.
Ash finally fell down after they used the last of their energy to push Dawn to safety.
Carson helped Sydney much in making a new garage from scratch.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye when they were telling a lie to them.
Jesse took my girlfriend soup because she wasn't feeling well.
Austin got his kids report card and felt so proud of their grades.
Aubrey sat in the corner, tied to one of the chairs with duct tape. Remy asked Kendall to join Aubrey in the other chair.
Sasha presented the paper's findings at the conference on behalf of Skylar.
Sydney also gave Ash a present after Sydney and Ash had an unpleasant argue.
Alex gave it to their mother so the others would have donuts when they woke up.
Carson skipped dinner because he had to go out and get all of his errands caught up.
Kendall struck it rich at the mine after many years of trying.
Alex got lost driving home and doesn't have GPS or a cell phone with him.
Lee held their friend Addison close to them and said they love them.
Casey gave Jesse training in CPR before she began babysitting for her friend.
Jesse plays professional poker. Jesse played cards all day at the tournament and made it to the final round.
Kai took refuge in Jesse's hotel from the terrible storm that was going on that night.
Sydney is going on a world wide trip and needs to put their furniture in to storage because they are getting rid of their apartment.
Kendall was working and had to provided drinks for lots of people.
Casey had the day off at worked and watched TV all day.
After his shoes got a hole in the sole, Lee decided to buy a new pair.
Jordan bought a new pair of socks and shoes before the race.
Carson gave their medicine back to the people who they had taken it from.
Looking to get her ready for the prom, Jordan layered eyes on Ash.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye very carefully.
Cameron strained every avenue to try and assist their friend.
Ash ate Kai's cold medicine by mistake when Ash was in a hurry.
Jordan gave their sibling something for Christmas, but told them not to open it until New Years.
Sasha cut Cameron's hair to save some money today.
Jesse was taking a long hot bath with bubbles while drinking wine.
Jordan gave Taylor the right book to read on her vacation.
Ash saw what happened and explained the situation to Kai.
Bailey asked Jesse if he was going to make sure everyone was invited.
Skylar stayed up all night to prepare for the test.
Jesse got it checked out after finding out that it may be trouble.
Addison put Kendalls ideas into action after cheating off her paper in class.
Alex carefully followed her sister around while her sister was learning to walk.
Kendall thanked Sasha for Lee's help in an email in his office at school.
Quinn got Kai's dog a treat because the dog performed a trick during the professional training session.
Jesse saved money for years so that they could buy a new car.
Alex left the next day for his new job and was sure to say goodbye to all of his old coworkers.
Tracy didn't know much about math so they decided to get a tutor.
Robin published their work as soon as they were finished.
Sasha won a lot of money after putting the last in the machine.
Riley really liked the french fries but she really needs a sauce to dip them in.
Sasha told Skylar to put away the groceries and clean the living room for an hour.
Taylor brushed Aubrey's hand gently with their fingertips ever so gently.
Riley pulled over to safety. It was raining hard and was slippery.
Tracy dropped a bombshell when they told their parents they were moving out.
Bailey asked her boyfriend to not shave his beard off his face.
Sasha thought it would help if they picked up after the party.
Jesse was cold so he layered more and more blankets on the bed.
Taylor couldn't find his class and asked Tracy for help. Tracy found Taylor's class.
Skylar started eating with them despite the horrible anxiety attacks.
Quinn bet the farm that their favorite team would win the game, but they lost.
Taylor improved the patient's mood even though the situation didn't seem to be getting better.
Quinn starred at Addison for a moment because he realized that she was the one for him.
Jordan found Jan's slick backpack underneath her bed late at night.
Casey called an exterminator and asked the others to help prepare the apartment.
Cameron found an interesting story when watching discover channel and decided to give the class a lesson about it.
Cameron whispered something in Jan's ear after overhearing all the gossip in the class.
Cameron had an impressive resume and some experience. Casey hired Cameron on the spot.
Remy did not get along well with her mother and they lost contact.
Alex wanted to place a bet on the football game although he is unfamiliar with the roster.
Casey needed a massage so Carson rubbed Casey's back.
Cameron was showing off and mocking others around them, they saw Robin, a person they love to bully so Cameron headed towards Robin and tripped.
Carson took a few days to finish painting the bathroom and finally decided to just quit the project.
Ash's daughter was being attacked by a dog, so Ash intervened and laid down their life for her.
Addison looked a little bit sad today. So Alex made Addison laugh.
Kendall wanted to end this war. Kendall moved the army in the direction of the enemy's fort.
Riley began eating their meal after cooking it for hours on the stove.
Aubrey bought new pencils that she saw in the store she went to.
Sydney lost Kai way back then when they were in the mall.
Remy brought his marble collection for show and tell and it was a big hit. At the end of the day, Remy took his marbles home.
Sydney attacked another teacher and the others were very angry.
Bailey pointed her finger at the one that had committed the crime.
Kendall read the text aloud in class and everyone cheered her on.
Ash was disgusted by how the novel had ended.
Jordan gave Taylor the right utensil in order to eat the soup.
Tracy told Jan to take the sweater Jan had borrowed from her that evening.
Carson got her wish after she went to the magic wishing well.
Robin was walking to work and suddenly tripped over a large bump in the sidewalk. After getting up, Robin continued on their way.
Tracy came under Bailey's observation after she was trying to scape from school last week.
Cameron ate lunch outside because it was a one of a kind nice day out.
Tracy was going to happy hour after work today. Tracy asked Lee to meet them there.
Quinn felt very lonely yesterday after her boyfriend broke up with her.
Alex had never met famous people until last night when a famous movie star walked into the bar.
After losing the fight, Skylar lied at Quinn's feet, unconscious and bloody.
Alex bought Carson's phone at the store; it cost all of their money.
Ki put the bag on the table so he wouldn't forget it in the morning.
Sasha touched them self when she was alone in her room.
Kai bought a new pair of shoes at the designer outlet for only one hundred dollars.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree during Christmas because it was along her way shopping for her own tree.
Skylar advised Tracy to go to the bathroom because she was very gassy in public.
Cameron passed Taylor law booklets so that Taylor could study for the law exam.
Jordan was home from college and staying at home. Jordan ate all of Sydney's food she made.
Ash went to the store and bought some new items at the store.
For the upcoming camping trip Jan decided to buy camping supplies from a store because she was a first-time camper.
Kai did push ups everyday and also ran regularly.
Jordan took his driver's test on a Saturday afternoon after making an appointment.
Bailey cut the vegetable up and added them to the stew pot.
Kai hired someone to mow the lawn for the summer, since their knee was injured.
Remy had studied very hard and knew everything on the test.
Sasha caused Jordan reaction to the weird chemicals in class.
Cameron wore every sock that week and had to wash them again.
Addison felt much better after learning that they had not in fact missed the date to audition for a part in the play.
jordan was a cautious person so he tested the waters before jumping in.
Kendall was tired of the dog's behavior and guided the dog even more forcefully onto the couch.
Sasha got Alex's wallet back from the library where Alex accidentally left it on the table.
Kendall told Jan's brother about Jan's secrets.
Addison furthered the need for maintenance by breaking the light in the hallway.
riley was about to give up but then she turned things around.
jan is a doctor who knows how to specially treat parkinson's disease with medicine.
Ash asked the store if they could send them some items for a wedding.
Jan missed their family being so far away. Jan visited their relatives.
Wanting to spoil the big surprise planned, Kendall opened all Quinn's presents.
Austin was a big fan of Jan's so he wanted to be like her.
Carson accidentally chipped Quinn's tooth in the operating room.
When Carson adopted Bailey, he decided it was best to change Bailey's name to reflect their new family.
Wanting to improve their overall test scores, Kai taught students the math lesson.
The shot clock was running down and Jordan quickly took a shot to beat the buzzer but they missed and lost the game.
Aubrey had a great idea at work. She told her boss and scheduled a meeting so that everyone was involved.
Cameron performed at a comedy show and was really funny.
Aubrey told Quinn the time to get ready and the time to take a break.
Tracy held their hat to their chest when they greeted Skylar.
Taylor drove Austin's car to work and was happy to pick his up after.
Sasha made it to school in time after being out all night.
Addison worked hard and at the end of each month, gave the landlord their money for rent.
Carson has a project due immediately after lunch. Carson brings their lunch to work.
Quinn brought their friend to the store so that they could get what they needed for their broken leg.
Sasha downloaded a new browser becaues she needed a browser with a better security.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal while listening to the birds chirping out the window that day.
Tracy cooked at home to prepare the incoming birthday party tonight.
Bailey told her friend that she liked him a lot and wanted to go to a party.
Carson pulled the baby away from the road when a car was about to hit the baby.
Bailey is a kid, and just took swimming lessons.
Alex kept bringing Addison along to all of her prenatal appointments so that Addison would feel included as her sister.
quinn yelled at kendall and explained the gravity of the situation, so kendall gave quinn their attention.
After winning first prize in a contest, Carson recieved praise from others.
tracy was charismatic so she persuaded the intruder to go.
Austin called Sydney last night and asked her on a date.
Bailey took the day off from work to see the doctor.
Addison visited Quinn's father, a man that Addison never met before.
Taylor wanted to do something fun and played music on their computer.
Robin took the paper back to the counter and said she would pay the bill.
Casey got Jan's trash to throw away, after being warned they'd be grounded if they didn't do their chores.
Addison called the customer into Skylar's office yesterday during lunch in order to have a conversation.
Carson hurt another lover because this is what she did.
Sydney peered down her nose and underneath her glasses.
Sasha combed Quinn's hair because it was dry and damaged from the sun.
Remy was going to take food to their mom but realized she left the food in the fridge.
Jan stood face to face with her aggressor and was ready to fight.
Robin had just moved up north and had never seen snow in her entire life.
Robin has to use her vacation days before they expire and is deciding on whether to take a vacation in England or Japan.
Robin supported Riley's weight to help hold them steady on the ladder.
Sydney had been riding in the car for hours. Finally they stopped and Sydney used the bathroom.
Taylor told Alex what was going on with the new house her fmaily just bought.
Robin reached an agreement with Jordan regarding the plan to move out of the apartment.
Jordan was sleeping but suddenly heard the voice calling, it took them a while to realise it was mum shouting to get up for school.
Bailey us usually walked to church. Today it had snowed alot so Bailey took the car to church.
Jesse rode a roller coaster at the amusement park with his friends.
Aubrey went to breakfast with Kendall's friend, even after Kendall said she didn't want them to.
Sydney became very famous after making an amazing catch in the baseball game.
Jan made Riley's object out of clay and it took a few hours.
Cameron spent every Sunday afternoon fishing. Cameron cast their fishing line and took a nap.
Addison met them once every week at the AA meeting. They are all trying hard.
Bailey sent their homework to the schools because she was at home.
Hudson was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Hunter was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin was doing the laundry and washed Kendall's sheets.
Kai told his jokes, even though no one thought they were funny, and found the whole this exhausting.
Bailey has been very rude to Lee.  Lee swept Bailey away.
Cameron sadly ended their career after damaging their knee in a brutal hockey match.
Kendall has always had great ideas on his business proposal but has never put it into perspective, when he was given a chance he put it into perspective.
Sasha started acting just like Kendall after realizing Kendall was getting asked out a lot.
Remy posted her status on social media to let people know what she was doing.
Sydney took Kai out for lunch and suggested some of the best items on the menu.
Taylor signed up to learn some martial arts. Taylor learned karate and got his first belt.
Jordan tried on a new dress and went to the prom.
Jordan persuaded them to help the animals in need by volunteering.
Lee loved to put makeup on his clients to make them look beautiful.
Remy closed early because she had a family emergency.
Ash bought a new burglar alarm after the recent news about the increase in home robberies.
Quinn carried lotion with them and let a friend borrow it.
Kendall wanted to make changes in the way things were run, and Carson issued Kendall's edict.
Carson ran a hand through Jesse's hair after Jesse was crying and shaking.
Casey saw her grandmother from across the airport waiting for her.
Robin called the police on Kendall because she stole something from a store around the corner.
Addison dedicated Tracy's academic journal to the library on that day.
Jan heard Austin's mother yelling and asked the others if they would like to play outside for a while.
Sasha sat at Bailey's computer so they could do their homework.
Tracy defied the governors laws and flew th state flag every morning.
Jan felt like their parents were controlling and didn't understand them.
Ash was always on time for his appointments. Ash never missed the dentist when it was his time to go.
Quinn searched really hard to find money to help Robin for his trip.
Bailey went to the store and got some bread to feed to the ducks.
The water was calm and the weather mild, so Kai gathered the fishing gear together and took their boat out for the day.
Quinn read the terms of the contract and finally agreed to it with a signature.
Lee had just finished a long day of studying and went to the store.
Lee was staring deep into Jordan's eyes at dinner under the stars on their honeymoon.
Sasha took a lunch break in the park to eat her sandwiches.
Kai walked away from school at the end of a long day.
Jordan was struggling to keep organized so Taylor created a system for Jordan.
Sasha had to deliver a lot of toys and get some food first, but he finally was able to spend a lot of time studying.
Casey turned the radio off when a song they dislike came on.
Bailey immediately bought a trash bin and other cleaning supplies and got to work.
Aubrey took the fact into consideration when they were thinking about what to do.
Taylor got the TV working after tinkering with for a few hours.
Kendall brought some cake to the party and everyone liked it a lot.
Jesse pressed his lips against his girlfriends Alex's lips.
Lee called off of work, because that day, Lee was expecting a baby any minute now.
Aubrey gathered around Kendall to discuss the plans for the big project.
Addison applied Casey's skills of the trade to the project they were working on at home.
Sasha has a crush on Ash and asked him to explain how he got so fit.
Alex kept the crowd under control during all of the commotion at the event.
Quinn made cookies for their friends after the football game.
After realizing their hair dye was staining them, Lee did not wear hats anymore.
Carson brought Casey inside even though he was having fun playing with the neighbor's dog.
Riley expressed Kendall's feelings to the panel when Kendall was too distraught to talk.
Alex told her friend that she was scared of going out with a guy.
according to the article Taylor put the phrase another way.
Taylor wasn't as bad as Addison thought and they decided became friends.
lee was a nice person so he put cameron's sweater around jordan to keep her warm.
Ash took Jesse's father's medal to show at the tennis event and forgot it there.
Sasha's assistance was so helpful that Sydney thanked god for them being there.
After the burglary in Ash's neighborhood, Ash armed himself to the teeth and stayed on guard.
Addison knew one's weaknesses and exploited them to her own benefit.
Taylor and Quinn began a friendship after they met each other in the park.
Riley flew off on a tangent when she saw the store had closed.
After making it over the course of several hours, Riley began eating their meal.
Remy's kids were lonely playing by themselves, so Remy wanted Carson's kids to come play too.
Tracy loved helping people less fortunate because she used to be homeless and know what it's like.
Bailey needed a lawyer after she was cheated. Taylor became Bailey's advocate.
Robin took the clothes to the counter and took out her wallet.
Jesse drove for hours after the terrible fight he had at dinner.
Carson saw Quinn's son shoplifting items from the store earlier today.
Quinn went shopping for a new phone and was a given an amazing discount on the phone.
It was finally time for Austin to perform the Beethoven sonata at their piano recital.
Jordan returned home from work after they had a very stressful and long day.
Bailey bought everything Kendall needed to go on a big trip in the city.
Kai shot a deer on his annual hunting trip with his family.
After promising to stay up late and help with the decorations, Sasha slept all night instead.
Robin went alone to the party despite warnings from friends. Robin was especially hard headed.
robin wanted to prove a point so she made an ass out of cameron.
Carson borrowed a level after losing his but Remy found his actual level.
Casey and Skylar are playing a murder mystery game. Casey draws Skylar's attention who is likely the murderer, Skylar already knows the murder weapon.
Ash liked Cameron a lot and Cameron liked Ash a lot.
Alex took the dog out on a very long walk in the park.
Ash settled the debate between her two family members at Thanksgiving peacefully.
Addison put the dished in the cupboard and headed to the laundry room.
Riley left the store with the goods she shoplifted but her parents found out.
Tracy said that she would try to the best of her ability.
Lee saw that Riley was cold so he offered her a blanket.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan yesterday after Jan told their secret.
Addison ran past Casey so Casey wouldn't talk to her.
Kai sent his assistant to help.
Taylor issued a contract for the person who just got a good contract with their company.
Cameron waited to get home before telling the family that she lost her job.
Addison saw the bike in the driveway and knew instantly that her boyfriend came to apologize.
Tracy was at the grocery store with Lee's mom to get some cupcakes and bread.
In their article, Minnesota gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Sydney prevented the bugs from spreading into the garden filled with tomato plants.
After being obese her whole life Riley decided to lose weight. Robin supported Riley's weight loss.
Skylar taught Cameron everything they could about the world and prepared them for adulthood.
After Aubrey lost her purse at the mall, Bailey helped Aubrey find it.
Jesse felt Skylar's hand on his leg and quickly removed it.
Casey celebrated the lord's birth every Christmas holiday with the family.
Skylar had finally found something that he was better at than his brother, and Skylar challenged his brother to a soccer match.
Cameron got the dog away from them since the dog kept barking at their guest.
Quinn's face was covered with pizza sauce, so Kendall made Quinn use a napkin.
Lee was fond of his sister Skylar, he loved to tell the tale of how she met her husband. Lee told Skylar's tale to the table.
Aubrey asked around and got Carson's number from a friend.
Cameron made it just in time to class after getting up late.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's camera from falling in the water and so they didn't need to spend more money.
Kai gave Austin back their coat that they lost int he bar.
Addison the surgeon made the incision in Bailey's mouth.
Tracy went to the field that had corn in it and sat and looked around.
Jesse invited Skylar to come to the party since they were new in town.
Taylor lost her car keys but unexpectedly, it was the dog that found it. Thus, she gave the dog a treat.
Jesse placed the evidence in the hands of the detectives to help catch the suspect.
Casey got another luxury car. They loved to collect and show off.
Jordan took control over a project at work because no one else was getting it done.
Casey told Lee the story about the big bear trap.
Casey felt like talking to somebody about some personal problems.
Casey was applying to a job and she ended up nailing her interview.
Bailey peeked inside and got a good glimpse of the treasure within the ancient temple.
Addison took Jan's husband with her to the mechanic because she didn't know much about cars.
Ash met the customer's needs and was able to close the biggest sale of the quarter.
Austin advised the team on all matters pertaining to the training exercise they were planning.
Cameron was working at an antique shop and gave Addison the real value of a vase.
Quinn helped Addison check into rehab because they were having trouble with alcohol.
Alex liked to teach students about law. Alex taught law at this university.
Carson kept Tracy alive by giving CPR when she collapsed at the bus stop.
The lights dimmed in the theater and Addison leaned towards Kai.
Lee gave Bailey proof of what happened then Bailey believed them.
Sasha helped Remy out of the water when they were drowning.
Tracy jumped to Alex's feet in order to scare them for laughs.
Kendall whispered Casey's name as he stalked them through the darkened house.
Alex earned Bailey's living so that he could help Bailey pay for things.
Ash and Jordan had been lovers for several years.
Sasha saved their mother's place at the dinner table when she was running late.
Skylar found a dollar under Remy's bed and gave to Remy.
Sasha tested every outlet. However, she couldn't find one that worked at all.
Alex knew that Cameron left the house, but when their parents asked Alex lied for Cameron.
Robin has been working for years to get a degree in nursing.
Jordan managed to escape from the basement where they were being held hostage.
Taylor wanted to show Sasha how much he cared so first he pushed Sasha's hair back.
Austin did not want to leave, but the bar was closing, and they had no choice.
Cameron provided advice to individuals about how to get a nice partner to marry.
Kendall turned around when she heard a very loud noise behind her.
Taylor enjoys their new job. Taylor takes time to blow away the leaves before starting to cut the grass.
Tracy checked under Austin's bed after they complained about having nightmares.
Aubrey had a fever and did not feel like doing much. Carson took care of Aubrey.
Ash raked leaves in the backyard during the first week of Autumn.
Aubrey played the violin for many years and was good at it.
Ash spent lots of time working at their office job in order to provide for their family.
Seeing that he was very sick and not himself, Jan took her cat to the veterinarian.
Taylor ended up being wrong after promising that Bailey would come through.
Jan quit their job because it was both underpaid and tedious.
Jan put their music into words and the song they wrote moved millions of people.
Alex's house had burned down in a fire and was staying in a shelter. Alex needed a new home to feel safe.
Kendall made Quinn use a fork with his pizza because it was the fancy thing to do.
Cameron did their job well and was asked to stay on permanently.
Bailey gathered their nerve to play but unfortunately, Bailey lost the game.
Bailey knew Robin was right about the rain but Bailey did not carry the umbrella, now he is all wet and cold to the bone.
Cameron would make fun of Austin often because Austin always fell down while walking.
Jesse played their part when they went out with a group of people.
Taylor got some coffee first thing in the morning.
Sasha told Quinn to meet each other later because she was not off of work until then.
Addison enjoyed their work at the newspaper publisher's company.
Jan's dog had been lethargic all week. Jan took her dog to the veterinarian.
Kendall kicked the goal that won the game for her team.
Austin suddenly saw the light and apologized to those he had hurt.
carson wanted to be near the housewives so he joined their husbands at the store.
Addison always spoke to Ash when they were worried or concerned and after an incident with Addison's girlfriend, Addison wanted to go to Ash for advice and did so immediately.
Taylor lost their engagement ring in the hope, she desperately hoped she would find it and after two long hours searching, it was found in her jean pocket.
Jesse had their feelings hurt by a person that they thought was their friend.
Sasha expected Riley attack, so she countered the attack with a parry.
Robin held the baby in Ash's arms and coo at it softly.
Taylor told Ash's mom about the bad grades she had gotten.
Sasha just got finished working her two jobs and is now exhausted and home.
Jordan wound around Jesse's way with the garden hose.
Austin did not want to leave the party cause the girl he liked was there by herself.
Jan is autistic and hits with their hands when angry.
Carson broke their fall using the pillow but they still scraped their knee and it was bleeding.
Addison was drunk and was going to leave the party at midnight.
Tracy saw her boyfriend Alex's friends while she was walking around the mall.
Ash expressed Kai's concerns clearly while representing Kai in a civil lawsuit against a pharmaceutical.
Aubery noticed that Sydney's report was not finished and made Sydney give an explanation.
After Sasha accused Austin about stolen his notebook, she found it, so Sasha owned Austin an apology.
Austin needed the money for a new car and spent all afternoon working tirelessly.
Sydney wasn't doing too well in school. Casey gave Sydney every opportunity to improve their grades.
Addison maximized Bailey's profits for the day while Bailey talked to customers.
Robin, Sasha's boyfriend of several years, had fallen in love with another woman, and was breaking up.
Given all that she had learned while overseas, Sasha liked to cook.
Kai was waiting for his dad to get to the airport. Kai sat tight waiting for him to arrive.
Cameron always followed Austin and did not mind becoming Austin's actor.
Skylar could be wrong about the answers on the test.
Kai saw a doctor and wanted to get healthy for the big trip.
Jan said no in a way that made it very clear what she meant.
Casey lost her watch so Casey got a new one yesterday at the mall.
Tracy had a disease and went to the doctor. Tracy took the cure for it.
Carson decided to become a teacher because he wants to aid in the development of children.
Quinn played Skylar in the tournament and beat her by a lot.
tracy was annoyed by jan and told her she wanted her to stop.
Aubrey worked even harder than everyone and she was still fired.
Robin did not say anything to their friend because they were upset.
Aubrey opened Casey eyes to the possibilities at school.
Taylor asked the librarian for help finding the book.
Ash used the computer to play video games in their free time.
remy had a friend move away so he lost contact.
Jan wanted eggs for breakfast but didn't have any in the fridge.
Bailey complained to the union that they had been paid less than union wages.
Austin waited for Sasha at the ice cream parlor because they had a date.
Bailey bought Kendall a very nice boat for Christmas and she loved it.
Jan mowed Tracy's grass in exchange for being paid by Tracy.
As manager of the team, Sasha determined who played and who did not.
Preparing for a long trip, Taylor completely filled their gas tank.
Riley gave Dan a break after he worked a double shift.
Sydney asked Quinn questions about the upcoming exam for school.
kai wanted to eat a midnight snack, she made a mess of the bed.
Samuel was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex took care of people as part of their job in nursing and was very caring toward the patients.
Kendall arrived late for school after her car wouldn't start in the morning.
Sasha called Tracy forth to inform Tracy that they had been found guilty of treason.
Sasha painted with a broad brush while standing in front of the scene of a beach.
Alex expected an answer from Robin but didn't get one, at least not one that made sense.
Aubrey saw that Cameron was sleeping and poke his head to wake him.
It was time for Kai to go home, but Sydney wanted Kai to stay over.
Ash offered Riley a ride, but Riley wasn't sure if they could trust Ash.
Quinn didn't study and needed Alex's help to succeed in the group activity.
Casey needs to fill out a job application. Kendall decides to help their friend fill out the job application.
Jesse would not finish their meal so Quinn took dessert away from Jesse.
Riley established outposts in areas ahead of the planned invasion by the troops.
Addison opened a lemonade stand outside and sold lemonade.
She has a small apartment and needs more space for her furniture.
Kendall opened all Quinn's presents on the christmas holiday.
Kai gave people freedom and Kai receive many claps and cheers of excitement.
Jordan was going through his closet trying to decide on keeping some things. Jordan got rid of it altogether.
Kai separated the sheep from the goats easily and without exerting much effort.
Bailey was invited to join the police force after passing the exam with flying colors.
Kendall gave their friends hope that they could win the race by giving a rousing speech.
Robin wrote a story on the trial and posted it to their blog page and got a death threat.
Lee was feeling very tired.  He yawned and laid in his bed ready to fall asleep.
Austin listed every item that they needed from the store.
Skylar needed a new phone after she dropped her old one in the toilet.
Quinn showed every sign of frustration and finally stormed out of the room in a rage.
Skylar was cleaning up Remy's room because it was a mess.
3 Ways to Manage Other People's Expectations. A bit more difficult than managing our own expectations is managing other people's expectations of us. .
Carson gave Addison a piece of their mind.  Addison talked badly about Carson behind their back.
kendall was bored so she cleaned everything.
Sydney replied back with an updated ETA on when the project would be finished.
Sydney was being annoyed by a fly that was buzzing around, so Sydney shooed it away.
Jesse liked spending time with their friends; this past weekend, Jesse saw a movie with their friends.
Ash drove to Cameron's house. Ash knew that Cameron needed a friend to help.
Remy let Casey die. Remy is evil through and through.
Jordan spent more time working and less time playing at home.
Cameron had came into the salon to get their hair styled, so Skylar began by washing their hair.
Aubrey found Jesse's phone in the back of her car.
Addison and Jesse put an end to Riley once and for all.
Taylor extended their power across the map and regional areas.
Ash was driving Jan's car but had to get gas before getting to the store.
Taylor always studied as hard as they could during the week. Taylor got great grades in school.
Aubrey created an illusion for Addison's act, and Addison became a huge star.
addison played the drums and guitar Monday through Friday.
Kai invited Casey to a movie after talking online for a week.
Addison gave Sasha the position despite offering it to someone else.
Addison made the incision on Bailey and the operation was going well so far.
Sasha sent the information along to Jesse's way so he could be in the loop.
Sasha stole Lee's money that he saved up for a new game system.
quinn wanted to punish jesse so she took away his video games.
Lee made fun of Jan when Jan couldn't reach the top shelf in the kitchen and made Jan sad.
After everyone had eaten all the food at the party, the guests all came to a unanimous agreement that Skylar was a great cook.
Riley got the mail and sat down inside. She opened an envelope with the forms for applying to Harvard and started to fill them out.
Tracy came up against a hard question but they used their head and figured out a great answer.
Jesse likes to go clubbing after work.
Carson immediately picked it up and went with the process in an effective manner.
Lee met a guy and she wanted her friends to meet him.
Jesse was left to Kai's devices after it was determined that they were too difficult to deal with.
Robin held the baby in Ash's arms and coo at it softly.
Riley began another story about a cowboy riding a horse in the desert.
Bailey saw the target in front of her an shot her gun, but missed it.
Aubrey had a crush on a girl for weeks. Finally, they asked the girl out on a date to the park.
Sasha reeled the fish in a bucket while she was out on the boat.
Jordan goes out of his way to be kind to his friends and others.
Jesse took care of the needs of the elderly in the nursing home.
Robin took her leather purse with her down the waterslide.
Quinn decided not to go because he did not want to get into trouble.
Jesse went shopping alone for the first time and had a good time.
Aubrey gave it all at the cheer leading tryout but didn't make the team.
Kendall sent Kai away to a military boarding school because he was getting into too much trouble.
Skylar was about to walk off the edge when Kendall grabbed Skylar's arms.
Riley wrapped my arms around Quinn's neck to demonstrate martial arts.
Jordan rested on the ground and then woke up and left the park with Riley.
Sydney sent coins flying on the earth after finding the coins to spread.
Kai went on a long run in the woods. They slept well that night.
Lee was proud when they pulled out their first lose tooth by himself.
Jan and Bailey are in relationship for 5 years. Jan wanted to marry Bailey as soon as possible. But Bailey said they needed a little space. So Jan gave Bailey some space.
Quinn followed Tracy's advice when they were lost about their life decision.
Lee was in love. They popped the question.
Quinn came down to us and confess about the murder of the brother.
Riley was in a hurry when they were at the restaurant. Riley grabbed it to go.
Lee saw a trapped and hungry dog, so he pushed the fence open.
Kendall washed up after dinner to look more presentable and clean.
Jan rested a hand on Kendall's forehead after she threw up in the bathroom.
Remy was a wonderful artist, she produced an impression of Casey that was just divine.
Kendall prepared her taxes before thee deadline and then had to go home to get work done.
Remy reached the earth's core when traveling through the newly discovered cave system.
Remy was being interviewed for a job by Casey. Remy made a lasting impression on Casey.
Harper was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin invited their boyfriend for dinner and they had a nice steak dinner that night.
The tree began to have a weird smell so Cameron put the tree outside.
Jan served the company well.  They were appreciated by others.
Ash borrowed the money. They needed to pay their rent.
Lee ordered items from Amazon.  They enjoyed shopping online.

Prompt word count: 5.
Jesse called Carson's friend to ask them out on a date.
Carson changed to the other side for good since that is where they were meant to be.
Austin was hungry in the morning and wanted something to eat. Austin made scrambled eggs.
Kendall quit the team after they decided they want to try acting.
Lee turned Taylor's thoughts into something good but she was still struggling with bad thoughts.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple dollars to help them out during hard times.
Casey tossed the ball back and forth with all the other players.
Austin spilled tomato juice all over the new white sofa.
Kai laid by Casey's side when it was time to sleep.
Sasha taught robin anything and everything about the ways of life in this world.
Kai was given the gift they wanted from their parents.
Alex played the game all the time, but they could never beat the final level.
Addison was about to climb the rickety ladder, Austin pushed Addison away.
Sasha has spent his lifetime studying, and it has now paid off with a new teaching job and new house.
Kai got out of a muddy pond. Kai got the dirty water off their chest.
Even though they were having a lot of trouble at work, Sydney got their mind off it.
Jordan threw it open and welcomed his guests with open arms.
Kai lost Austin's phone while they were on a hike together.
Taylor has some bad news to deliver to her family and is afraid how they will react.
Everyone at the office was falling behind on work, but Sydney increased their productivity.
Tracy always teased their partner in her biology class.
Sydney separated the toe from the body to examine it carefully.
Ash sent their daughter to the store and she got everything on the list he gave her.
Robin gave Casey a blow horn for a present after Casey had mentioned it in passing.
Sydney effected their escape by helping them hide.
Lee put on a Halloween mask to try to be funny, but his friends got scared and left the room.
Austin wanted to learn how to swim.  Tracy gave Austin swimming lessons.
Ash sold Casey's house and refused to take a payment from his friend for the service.
Cameron told Jan that she could go to the mall with her if she wanted to.
Ash was excited about the baby's arrival but was unsure how to hold it.
Sasha gave their son a present when the son got good grades.
Riley told Sasha they wanted to go to the movies very soon with their friend.
Austin quickly performed CPR and chest compressions on Quinn after she suddenly collapsed from a heart attack.
Alex never would have found out if he hadn't found the love letter his wife sent to someone else.
Robin made Cameron's ass move by shouting at Cameron while they were working out.
Seeing that Cameron was truly overwhelmed, Jordan made Cameron's rounds for them.
Remy sent flowers to the family who was in mourning.
sasha wanted the truth to be known so she set the record right.
Carson broke their fall instinctively by putting his hands out and catching himself.
Remy gave Sydney plenty of time to take care of the details.
Alex felt slow behind Carson because Carson was a running champion from last year.
Jordan continued to walk to school even though he really didn't want to go.
Aubrey cut her long hair to look similar to her favorite French actress.
Bailey sold her motorcycle after she was told that the odds of dying in an accident were high with motorcycles.
Skylar even wrote a book about their struggles and how the struggles were overcome.
Aubrey understood the question well and answered it thoroughly for the teacher.
Bailey placed Taylor at the head of the table for the party.
jan was an amazing defense attorney so she won the case.
Cameron answered another question that the teacher was asking the class.
Riley thought that Robin would be perfect for the job posting.
Aaron was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar looked for the pair of shoes and found it in order to return it back.
Austin cut their hand and Quinn got them a bandage to help.
according to the article Austin met the client's to drop off paperwork.
Lee developed students aptitude by being an effective teacher.
Casey crunched numbers and was an effective accountant for his clients.
Lee put the largest one in first and watched them cook in the fryer.
Lee took Bailey's baby one night so they could get some well deserved rest.
Cameron told Remy to call and make an appointment with the doctor when she had a cold for two weeks.
Carson got bit by a dog at the dog festival.
Tracy's mom wasn't able to clean her house, so Tracy helped her mom out.
Jordan ate healthy food by cooking from scratch and meal planning.
Jesse decided to go crazy last week because he had several tests at school and shifts at work prior.
Austin swam at the beach miles away from the shore.
Addison caught Skylar trying to do a dodgy deal behind the company's back so Addison called the manager into Skylar's office to inform him of what happened.
Tracy was resiliant and overcame every odd that came at them.
Sydney saved Lee's skin after Lee mouthed off to a gang of bikers.
Lee told Quinn that they needed to rush to make the movie.
Kendall kissed Quinn's neck after they had a nice dinner with wine.
Austin also grabbed a glass of milk to go with the cookies they were having.
Aubrey kept up with the joneses by getting a new car one weekend.
Quinn owned one despite them being very hard to find.
Robin gathered everything that was part of the order and took it all over to the counter.
After searching all over the place, Skylar finally found their purpose in the world when they discovered boating.
Alex was looking for their missing glasses. They investigated every room and finally found them.
Robin had a lot of change at home.
Bailey supplied the school with food, and made sure the kids had healthy alternatives to the usual junk.
Jordan also told their parents about the altercation with the men.
Addison and Skyler manage a clothing store. A problem arises with an important shipment of store merchandise that won't arrive on time. Addison calls Skyler into the office to discuss the problem.
Skylar was performing at a concert. Skylar played another song.
a secret was being kept by the organization so ash was told what aubrey was told.
Austin knew the decree of the lord and followed it perfectly.
Riley needed their mother's permission to enter a television contest. Riley found his mother just before the contest admissions closed.
Jan gave Bailey another go at it and was pleased when she succeeded.
Riley and her friends were out and her car died on them.
Riley hurt people's feelings without being aware of how they did it.
Ash friend asked about the movies he liked and Ash opened up quickly.
Carson got rid of the mess from the party in his girlfriend's apartment.
Remy was in a hurry to give directions so Remy cut to the chase.
Cameron took their friend to Japan where they tried many types of sushi.
Riley called Jesse today to tell the bad news.
Addison really enjoyed spending a lot of time with Aubrey.
Skylar was not willing to get a new job, so Austin helped Skylar change their ways.
Austin carried out their threat against their rival and injured them so they couldn't be in the competition.
Robin had began exercising for a special marathon. Robin gained muscle.
Kai got picked for the team and wanted to do their best.
Jason was holding onto Alex and pulling them. Alex tried to pull away.
Austin called their dad for help and was relieved when he was able to.
We bought concert tickets for Remy's birthday to see the NSYNC reunion on stage.
Casey dug a deep hole at the cemetery to prepare for the casket ceremony the following day.
Having had a few drinks after dinner Robin was feeling her oats.
Casey swam away towards the beach and then went home for the day.
Casey watched a movie together with his friends at a movie theater. They were too excited and spoke loudly.
Lee brought the trial to a conclusion after determining the defendant guilty.
Sasha layered their hands on each other to keep themselves busy and not think about their troubles.
Tracy got their passport and was able to travel internationally for the first time.
Taylor got the dog back safe and sound from the vet's office.
Kai got a check up from the doctor after finding a lump and got the all clear so when leaving the surgery Kai felt well.
according to the article Lee knew their friends were around.
Quinn put his foot down upon his opponent's neck until they tapped out and the ref called the fight.
Jesse has a best friend which his family knows about. Today, he brought the friend home.
Addison turned their attention towards Alex who was being loud and obnoxious.
While all the others slept and goofed off, Cameron stayed up practicing and Cameron finally beat the game.
Skylar left my phone at work in the dessicator in the lab after they accidently dropped it in the aquarium.
Jordan gave the right answer to their friend when they were taking the test.
Austin knew what to eat so that they didn't trigger their allergies, so they prepared a meal with this in mind.
Aubrey gave me water to pass out to the cyclists riding in the race.
Riley hung up their wet coat and hat on the hook in the mudroom.
Jesse put Lee's worries at ease with a combination of logic and compassion.
Kai studied a book about decluttering your house and life. Kai translated it into practice.
Riley played many practical jokes involving whoopie cushions, shocking buzzers, and magic tissues.
Robin kept their stuff together in the garage at her house.
Addison got up early and drove to Tracys.  After Tracy put their suitcase into the car Addison took Tracy to the airport.
Kai fixed the problem immediately to be a good employee.
Cameron followed another route home and their mother was mad when Cameron was late.
addison liked kendall's ideas so he put them into action.
Carson found some money and immediately picked it up yesterday.
The instrument was fragile so Jesse placed the musical instrument in the hands.
Jordan came home and blew off steam by hitting a punching bag.
Bailey made Taylor inventory count because they needed to.
Skylar followed pets everywhere even when they told him no to.
Kendall was at the mall shopping when the strap on the old purse broke.
Jesse avoided their ex-friend Addison after making contact at the store.
Kai grew close to him after he kissed her on the lips.
Taylor told Kai's parents that Kai said something hateful even though the incident never happened.
Quinn also turned the page when the narrator did so he could follow along with the story.
Austin is a building contractor.  Austin built Quinn's house last week.
Kai gave people hope when he showed them she was Superman.
Quinn told terrible jokes at the first comedy show so they were booed off of the stage.
Jordan was in New York for the first time and hit the city hard, seeing everything.
Sasha persuaded the kids to Join the rest of the class.
Jesse wanted to play the game and Sydney told Jesse she could do it.
Lee held fast the the ledge when climbing the mountain.
Bailey made Sasha's coffee and breakfast while Sasha was still in bed.
Alex was late to the bus stop.  They waited hours for another bus to get home.
Ash helped their team to the best they can at the tournament.
Addison put Kendall's thoughts into action after realizing her idea was better.
Riley left the school by the back door after her class.
Bailey helped Aubrey feel better after Aubrey broke her arm at the park.
After Aubrey caught CArson by surprise with a kiss Carson kissed Aubrey back.
The others had forgotten the boss' birthday but not Addison.  She remembered and brought a cake.  Addison saved the day.
Cameron worked her magic and Robin was mystified by the trick.
Tracy formed Alex association in the neighborhood so everyone could get along.
After finding out that he failed his final exam, Austin left in a huff of rage.
Riley cried in their beer bowl at the bar after getting fired from her job.
Casey was prepared for Cameron's emergency when it finally happened that day.
Quinn was in the military and out on a patrol with their unit.
Kai watched it together at the theater opening night.
Taylor decided to volunteer and went to the local animal shelter to see if they needed help.  The shelter offered Taylor a voluntary placement.
Tracy was unwilling to attend a friend's party but her sister, Sydney, persuaded her to go.
Carson worked hard to rule the school out of the possible choices to get closed.
Kai was tired of Riley being on the tablet all night so he limited her usage.
Jan took her son to the doctor after her son got all the kids sick.
Aubrey was tired of being disrespected and told Carson what to do.
Addison donated what money she had to the charity of her choice.
Bailey took their daughter to the doctor's office and cut ahead of everyone in line.
carson needed to have a difficult talk with remy so he went to remy's room.
Jan wanted to propose to their partner.  Jan finally asked the question.
Sydney wanted to cheer up their friend so they played a prank on Tracy.
Addison wasn't paying much attention and didn't see the car coming.
Tracy had to fly out of town, so Addison took Tracy to the airport.
Sasha loved the accolades and attention that her fans poured on her.
Lee knows Kai has a big secret. Several friends ask Lee to tell Kai's secret but Lee keeps their lips sealed.
Jan was looking for their keys. Jan finally found them.
Bailey spent all day putting together a domino play set. When he was done, Bailey let every domino fall.
After asking their preferences, Bailey cooked Lee dinner.
Jordan is a good baseball player.  They caught every throw.
Aubrey tried to talk to Kendall and finally got her to change her mind about how she felt about their friend.
JAn went to the grocery store and bought a lot of food, but after getting home, Jan didn't feel like cooking.
Robin found none of her items for sale in the local store and decided to take action.
Lee was a very pious person, so Lee fufilled god's wishes.
Taylor started piano lessons and picked it up quickly.
Alex was working on the motor in the garage for his car. Alex didn't know much about it so he required help on the part.
Lee opened the floodgates in the conversation and everyone was very offended.
Sasha extended Skylar's seats at her expense so that everyone could enjoy the show in comfort.
Skylar decided to make a cake with ingredients.
Bailey and their spouse had decided to go their separate ways.
Kendall prevented Sydney from attempting to jump from the bridge after their partner left them for someone else.
Robin started school with her friends and was told soccer tryouts were that afternoon and she couldn't help but be interested.
Sylar started writing and easily constructed another argument to present.
Ash returned to their hometown for a visit and made it to the local football game soon after it started.
Riley slipped through the cracks and didn't have to answer the question.
Robin came from a good place when they asked how they could help care for the old woman.
Lee wished that their friend would take their medicine they had been prescribed.
Alex turned back to Kendall in order to tell her how he really feels.
Bailey asked their neighbor for help when the fire started in the kitchen.
Casey kept it real. Her friends were very grateful and let Casey know it.
kendall was a persistent person so he took another look.
Aubry got down on one knee and showed the ring to Cameron and then awaited Cameron's answer to the question.
Carson cried and cried when they said goodbye to their family.
Riley got third place in the contest.  They were slightly disappointed because they wanted to be first place.
austin was a good parent so he told lee he was grounded.
Kai won the election at school much to the dismay of his friends.
Addison took part in the struggle against the new leader that was ruining the company.
Lee really needed some sleep after staying up two days straight to study for finals.
Carson went to the movies with a girl and said he liked her and wanted to date her.
Riley wanted a car but couldn't afford one. Riley was in a parking lot and stole a car.
Jan got her first haircut at the mall on the weekend.
Skylar told Taylor to come back to the house.
Jan started another charity because they thought they could help people.
After feeling unwell for several says, Robin took a pregnancy test and realized she was pregnant. Robin eagerly went to tell her friend Austin the good news.
Jan was trying to learn how to skip rocks on the surface of the pond.
Sasha and Skylar were out to dinner and Sasha was an expert about the food.
Sydney preserved their food by putting it in a container then in the fridge.
Carson took Jordan's hand in their hand and together they jumped off the cliff and into the water.
Robin was playing with her bird Sydney and ruffled Sydney's feathers.
Jesse filled Ash's glass with water because Ash had been feeling dehydrated all day.
Ash put the new cardstock on a display shelf in the retail store.
Ella was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Taylor drove Tracy nuts with their constant bickering all the time.
Carson called them to account about the terrible murder that just happened.
Aubrey gave Carson a break and got some drinks in the break time.
Remy got through the next day though she had stayed up the whole night the day before.
Quinn made pasta at home by herself for her 30th birthday party.
Riley plotted and turned Sasha against the same team in order to create chaos.
Kai was thoroughly enraged with his roommates when he discovered what was done in his house while he was away.
Tracy had a day off from work so she and some friends took the boat out to see.
jordan always kept his end of the deal so he held up his end of the deal.
Riley forgot to set Aubrey's alarm but woke them up on time when they woke up and remembered.
Casey was alone all day. Casey felt like talking to their friend.
Jordan found Kai's keys under the seat of Jordan's car.
Bailey carried everyone's coat to the coat closet as a show of courtesy.
Ash hadn't seen their grandmother in a long time, so they made a trip to their house to see them.
bailey made sasha's coffee but put poison in it to get rid of sasha.
Alex gave Austin's daughter a toy as a present at her birthday party.
Casey brought the dog back to Jan and fed it some more.
Robin was quick on his feet and saved Skylar's husband's camera from falling in the water.
Austin was cooking meat and they cut off the fat from the meat.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment for not paying rent.
Addison let Casey win because Casey always complained when Addison won and beat her.
Casey was at a party and did not know anyone.  They were self conscious because they thought others were staring at them.
Tracy commanded the soldiers in Lee's large army.
Jan lost her wallet while out shopping so her friend Jordan agreed to help look for it.
Aubrey evaluated Quinn's performance and let Quinn know she did a terrible job.
Cameron went with the flow and offered his friend a drink at the party.
Skylar sold Bailey's dearly loved gift after he didn't pay his share of rent.
Quinn maintained Riley's balance as Riley was about to fall over while walking.
Bailey was out of range for reception and kept trying the phone. Finally, Bailey got through to someone on his phone.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed in winning the state championship for soccer.
Taylor thanked the heavens for Carson's help after she fell and broke her ankle.
Kai stumbled and  fell into the muddy drainage ditch and called someone for help.
Bailey learned to swim after almost drowning on vacation the summer before.
The teacher asked the students to brainstorm, so Jesse wrote a note on the board.
Carson got angry and yelled at Taylor for loosing the keys but Carson realized they were in his pocket the whole time.
Lee was proficient and saw them struggling so he helped them practice.
Kendall wanted her children to learn how to play piano. Kendall went and signed up them up for lessons.
Cameron made a lot of new friends at the new school.
Kendall was sick of her job. Kendall found a new job.
Carson got bit by a dog when they entered their friends new house.
Kai ate his dinner and ended up making a mess in the bed.
Taylor forgot their list when they went grocery shopping.
Kai was going on a big date tonight. Kai took around an hour to get ready for it.
Lee had an emergency and could not help his neighbor. Carson performed Lee's task instead.
Quinn is very organized and keeps to a steady schedule, rarely deviating from his habits and he did his laundry every week on Saturday.
Taylor always slept and one day missed an important exam due to sleeping.
Taylor needed to get Alex's attention, so they yelled Alex's name.
Austin made Addison say the announcement because Austin was too nervous to speak in front of people.
Sahsa sat at Bailey's computer and looked through all the private files before being caught.
Lee bought expensive concert tickets for Remy's birthday because he knew she loved the band.
Skylar was mad at Jan and felt like killing them that day.
Sasha struggled to get their sweater on since their hair was just done, so Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head.
Aubrey was never very kind to Lee, she went out of her way to prevent him from reaching his goals.
Addison put Kendall's work on kicking out the homeless into action across town.
Addison found out he was the king of England today.
Skylar asked her friends to come over and help.
Sasha changed their attitudes after they learned about the new things.
Cameron noticed the police and ambulance outside so he asked Jan what had happened.
Lee came to pick Quinn up but found out that Quinn had gotten another ride home.
The bed was very small.  Austin slept next to Lee.
Austin wanted to get rid of Kendall, and devised a scheme to send Kendall of to the war.
Tracy paid Sydney's portion of the bill because she didnt have her wallet.
Robin drove to the store after work to get some milk and some fresh vegetables.
Taylor saved her lunch for later because she knew she was going to need it.
aubrey saw kai doing something bad so she opened her mouth to say something.
Quinn gave Lee names about what to name their upcoming big band.
Aubrey made sure it came true by doing everything she could.
Carson shuffled the cards before getting ready to play a card game with friends.
Lee pulled Remy's hair by mistake last night.
Realizing that she was sick and in need of care, Aubrey took their mom to the hospital.
Tracy explained their time in terms that made a lot of sense to everyone else.
Lee was trying to look at his phone while in the bathroom. The phone slipped and Lee dropped it in the toilet.
Kai needed a special type of mushroom for a new recipe. Kai couldnt find one anywhere.
Sydney gave ash grief. Sydney was Ash's daughter and was making bad grades.
Casey always had enough money saved up and paid the bills on time.
Riley imposed their choice on others and they had to follow every order Riley said.
Jan was trying to train their employees for unseen circumstances they may encounter.
Bailey saw her friend in the window and invited their friend inside but their friend declined the invitation.
Carson went hunting with Skylar but did not enjoy hurting animals.
Lee came over later to discuss some important matters.
Bailey wanted their thoughts to be know so they expressed their ideas.
As Aubrey stood over the fresh casket, memories of Remy ran through Aubrey's mind.
Remy gave Kendall an advantage in the athletic competition over the others.
Since Casey seemed to have sprained their ankle in the race, Austin carried Casey along.
Jan was looking to hire a new maid. Jan answered every inquiry to the ad they posted.
Bailey had been living out west for a few years and he still got homesick often, so he called his sibling back home.
Addison ran a mile and then took a long rest and recovered from the race.
Skylar washed Cameron's hair after she came home with lice.
Kai wasn't feeling so good and was in his room. Skylar made Kai feel better.
Skylar gave the motorist a speeding ticket to meet his quota for the day.
Quinn sent gifts away for Christmas to family that year.
Quinn conducted their business in a local cafe.  They met with potential suppliers for their new catering company and discussed options and pricing.
While interviewing Tracy for a newspaper article they were writing, Aubrey asked Tracy questions regarding their parents.
Addison tried to calm Aubrey down after her puppy got out and was missing.
Kendall always brought his sneakers with them so they could jog where ever they went.
Jesse was riding their motorcycle and wrecked going thru a mud puddle at 60 mph.
Bailey took the car all day and was able to get a lot done.
Robin was moving into a new house and asked Quinn to help, but there was too much stuff, so Quinn brought friends.
Addison took control too fast and had to press the emergency brake.
Since he was a child, Kendall wanted to ride a horse. He finally got the chance at the beach but he found that it was uncomfortable and not enjoyable.
Aubrey opened Casey's eyes because she thought that she was pretending to sleep.
kai was the hostess so she made sure to jesse and his friends very well.
Cameron gave the class time to finish the final exam for science.
jordan brought the food to sasha at the end of the line because they felt bad for sasha.
Tracy helped her friend make some cookies and they had fun with it.
Skylar loved all three of her kids and loved to give them affection.
Alex ran home scared after seeing a creepy guy hiding in the shadows.
Addison closed the door behind Remy as they were walking out the house.
Kendall got my money from my wallet when I asked them to pay the pizza man with my cash.
Bailey stole a car and brought it to a friend who needed a car.
Casey stayed up all night and found a solution to the problem.
It was Aubrey's birthday and Aubrey invited friends over. Jan came to celebrate Aubrey's birthday.
Austin made Sydney choose between the party or a night of studying.
Before the match between the two of them began, Riley shook Tracy's hand and wished her good luck.
Austin swim at the beach for hours because he had nothing better to do.
Jan rested a hand on Kendall's forehead to see if she had a fever.
Carson provided Lee with an explanation after Lee discovered they were lying.
Sydney surprised their husband with a home cooked meal when they got home from work.
Addison got extremely upset and started baring her teeth at the noise.
Jan cried with joy and the gift her friend gave them.
Ash sent their friend to the store to pick up snacks because Ash broke their leg recently.
Jesse wrote a love song and sang it in front of the bar while their girlfriend was watching.
Addison is going to go the dentist later in the day.
Remy closed the door and walked to the fridge area in his home.
Aubrey loved to see different animals. Aubrey recently visited the zoo.
Quinn filled her lungs with air and jumped into the swimming pool to get the car keys that were dropped.
Jan bought a very expensive dress but decided to bring it back as they couldnt afford it but Casey borrowed it, wore it and ripped it without asking Jan.
Casey made the choice to go on a hike because he loved the outdoors and loved summertime.
Alex's gave Jesse a very pleasurable deep tissue full body massage.
Casey deferred until the test results were in and got the results of the cancer being gone that day.
Riley stopped teasing Lee for awhile because he was looking pissed.
Robin brought the paperwork to trial and was relieved when she ended up having to rely on it.
Who did Austin go to dinner with.
Jordan bought a new house on the ocean with direct access to the beach.
Sasha took Addison's belongings out of her room because they were not longer friends.
Ash always let their friends borrow money. Ash lent Jan money to buy the lottery ticket.
Alex kept Carson healthy by making sure they took their medications every day.
Lee hit so hard that he knocked the ball out of the park.
Casey saw Aubrey demonstrate an example which helped her learn much easier.
Carson got a payday loan because there was a bill that he had to get paid.
Quinn protected the puppy from attack and got the puppy some food later.
taylor wanted to please her daughter so she got her presents.
Quinn followed Lee's father's car to the movies to see the newest flick.
Sydney broke open the lid to the jar because it was impossible to open by force, it was stuck.
Kendall hurt their back while they were packing up all of their stuff to move into a new apartment.
Taylor put the ingredients away after they had been baking cookies with others.
Taylor's daughter was feeling ill, so Taylor gave them some medicine that will help.
Addison went to a party with their new partner and partied and danced the night away and had such a good time.
Ash told too many lies and couldn't keep them all straight.
Remy finally was able to get a new bed and left their old bed on the curb.
Addison worked their way through college and managed to get a good degree.
taylor was a good friend so he offered ash an opportunity at the job.
Remy asked Jordan's pardon after being rude to them.
Carson went to talk to his wife about their anniversary plans and she was excited to go away.
Kai help himself to all of the candy in the bowl.
Skylar used his money as the foundation of Bailey's business which gave her a really good head start.
Casey bought cookies from a friend to give out to others.
carson was a nice person so he had no problem sharing his gifts with others.
Remy surprised their parents by coming home for the weekend.
Lee got distracted by the tv program and forgot that they had a roast in the oven.
Kai didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings so they didn't tell the truth.
Tracy raised Kendall's hips and lifted Kendall up so Kendall could get the cat from the tree.
Sasha was in Jan's room and cleaned it for Jan.
Robin gave the customer a haircut after she scheduled it that day.
Quinn ran over a squirrel on the road. They felt a little guilty.
Addison ate the tacos that were made for dinner.
After completing his mandatory math courses, Lee took advanced calculus in high school.
Kai translated to the students at practice who didn't understand English.
Remy let Kendall borrow some toys from her at her last visit. Kendall went to Remy and put toys in Remy's place.
Alex got food on the way home after skipping lunch and was starving.
Lee was in the front row of a concert for his favorite band.
Ash finally saved up enough money for the bike and went and got it.
Remy was decorating their room and bought new sheets.
Carson studied all week to prepare for the incoming final exam.
Jan was worried because Carson did not return their call.  Finally, a week later, Jan heard back from Carson.
Sydney invited their friends over to have a house party.
Remy was in big trouble from her principal for the act.
alex needed some money so he sold his old phone.
Since Austin's family mostly lived in another state, whenever Austin wanted to visit them, Austin took a bus across the country.
Remy cancelled Skylar's meetings for the day and called the company executive.
Casey went to the store and bought some pizza for her friends.
Cameron was getting bullied but decided to fight their own battle.
Robin cancelled the trip to the theme park.
Kai was searching and finally found one for sale on a popular website.
Remy knew everything about neural imaging, so Remy gave a talk about it.
Jesse let their friends play their new video game when they came over.
Remy immediately saw her mistake and made sure to correct it before submitting the project.
Jordan found Jan's wallet back when Jan needed to make a payment at grocery store.
Lee brought Jesse a spare key to the house in case he was not there.
After living with Austin for many years but having to be given away, Remy the cat was happy to see Austin.
Carson plays a game on their phone while waiting to be called back for a doctors appointment. Carson beats their own high score.
Even though her mother said not to, Bailey got the cat.
Jordan had been saving money up all year. Jordan took her son to Hawaii.
Addison found the movie funny enough to recommend to all of their friends.
The rain was coming down hard and the road was flooding. Also, they had been drinking for hours. So, Riley stayed at Ash's place.
Tracy laughed and told the joke about the chicken and the chicken owner.
Sasha came Alex's way and they chatted before heading off to work.
casey was about to strip so she started taking her shirt off.
Austin ran along the side of the car on the way to the store trying to get in.
Skylar skipped jubilantly down the sidewalk. They couldn't believe they finally succeeded in getting Bailey's number.
Kendall stood up for a reason. They had enough of being abused.
Austin remembered Carson's name after having them for multiple different classes.
Aubrey's family got their water from the local well. Aubrey had to fill their jug with water.
Kendal knew he had drank to much to drive home from the party and yet took another drink.
Riley bored Taylor's children.
Ash rode hard and put their wet clothes in the washing machine after they were done.
Bailey wasted food on purpose as part of a hunger strike.
Sydney made waves in class by questioning if the school book was right.
Lee had been working for over a year without a promotion and felt cheated.
Carson didn't want her to leave so he grabbed Quinn's wrist.
ash saw the new job meant she had to clean the sewers and she quit the next day.
Lee had nothing better to do so he went with Addison to the store.
Kendall took some medicine to cure the terrible headache they had.
Remy was confused as to why there was food all over the floor. Remy asked Taylor the reason why this happened.
Jordan thanked his family for letting him go to the cookout and have fun.
Cameron had been away for a long time. Ash welcomed Cameron back home.
Jesse visited their parents for an entire week for Christmas that year.
Taylor bought the wrong size clothes so they went back to the shop and Jordan gave Taylor the right one.
Casey rode Aubrey's motorcycle and thought it was really fun.
Sydney started the first day of their first job yesterday.
Remy was disabled so their sister Sasha made decisions for Remy.
Bailey was a good student and studied history at the university.
Bailey was a doctor that specialized in left feet. Bailey treated illnesses in patients.
Austin allowed pets in their house and then some of the pets went to the bathroom on the floor.
Carson gave Aubrey food to eat at his home.
Many people were afraid to challenge the powerful business person, but Robin brought the accusation to trial.
Tracy stopped at the mall yesterday and saw Kai standing there by the entrnace.
Carson was trying to tell a joke but he realized from the look on Taylor's face that the joke was offensive.
Skylar sent them a text message asking them to pick up a gallon of milk.
ash was bit by a bug so she complained to their mother.
Addison returned the book that evening before borrowing another one she had been wanting to read.
Sydney wanted to remind the others to show up on time.
Cameron got mad at Sam because he wouldn't give her back her pencil.
Kai was always so loud and liked to annoy them. Kai gave people headaches as a result.
Remy asked his girlfriend to marry him.
Robin wanted to do something fun so they saw a broadway show.
Alex told Remy want they wanted for Christmas this year.
Cameron went to summer camp where they met a lot of other campers.
Sydney gave Ash a generous present for his birthday.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp because they don't want them around.
Addison gave Alex assurance that Alex was a good person because Kendall loved Alex.
Jan was ashamed of what Robin had done and could not believe Robin would do that.
Bailey was looking for his lost dog and drove slowly around town.
Addison had to light the fire in their living room, they used fire to keep warm.
Cameron returned home as the prodigal son once again.
Bailey told Kendall they were done when they got to the last question of the assignment.
Cameron waited until Ash left the room and then Cameron took away Ash's money.
Kendall surprised Tracy's friends when they brought snacks to the get together.
jan was tired of the new neighborhood so she moved back to her old one.
Sasha gave her baby up for adoption when she could not afford the medical care for them.
Lee had a bad back and couldn't reach down, so Riley tied Lee's shoes for him.
Jesse stayed in Jan's room while their room was having work done to it.
Remy pushed away the hug because he was uncomfortable being touched.
Aubrey finished Lee's paper instead of waiting for them to.
Cameron was a skilled artist and provided free art instruction to children.
Quinn went to a party.  They took notice of Remy who was also at the party.
Jesse changed Ash's diaper everyday for a few years.
Cameron put the fruit in a blender and turned it on high to make a smoothie.
Casey nailed the interview for their dream job after spending a few days practicing with friends in preparation.
After he got caught cheating on a test, Alex made her son Skylar stay at home during the concert. Skylar told Alex she was treating him unfair.
Cameron pried Taylor's eyes open to check to make sure they still reacted to light. After no reaction, Cameron widened Taylor's eyes even more.
Sasha paid Jesse's bills for them to thank them for helping out.
Remy offered to help at work with a group of people on a big project.
Jordan wanted to paint a picture but didn't have any paint. Carson let Jordan use his array of paints for his painting.
Bailey assumed Casey's position and thought it was a great idea on how to fix the environment.
Addison checked Skylar's car for her phone after she realized she hadn't seen it since they got home from work.
Alex helped Ash in every way so that Ash could graduate from high school.
Ash went home the scenic route in order to avoid the construction traffic.
Lee was sick so they tended to themself and got better.
Audrey's son, Bailey, wants a Christmas tree.  Audrey got Bailey's tree.
Jan performed the job well as the others looked on, taking notes.
Austin was making a movie and played the role of Jordan during filming.
Robin saw a broadway show and enjoyed it very much.
Lee really needed money so they got more hours at work.
It was going to be summer and Casey bought an air conditioner.
Skylar changed Addison's place and cleaned it and it looked much better than it did before.
Robin put their finger on the ball so that someone could come up and kick it.
Jan is understanding their math homework well.
Someone gave Kendall a bunch of grapes. Kendall at one.
Ash shed promise on the problem by working to overhaul the existing plan.
Casey turned Addison's crank for the old car while Addison pushed on the gas.
Austin called Sydney tonight to tell her about the dance.
She told Sasha that she did not get to celebrate her birthday, so Sasha took her to Vegas.
Aubrey kissed the gunner's daughter after they came back from the war front.
Kendall made her friend Casey apply to the same store she was going to apply to.
Jordan went along to get along so everybody got along.
Bailey used their charisma to control the members of the cult that they are a leader of.
Skylar wanted to get an after school job. Skylar took notice of the opportunities listed on the job board.
Lee wanted to take pictures with his daughter and their friend.
Addison felt guilty after still in the bracelet.
Cameron was just assigned to a team of others at work.
Skylar adapted to Jordan's environment even though it was different.
Jesse told their boss last night that they were tired of being overlook for a raise.
Cameron played chess with Taylor in their free time.
After a very successful trip to the casino, Aubrey cashed in their chips.
Aubrey became very successful on the career after many years.
Bailey turned Aubrey away. Aubrey didn't feel very appreciated by Bailey and frowned.
Casey begged her mother for one since Casey had not had ice cream cones in a while.
Among the total participants that attended the fund raising program, Robin gave the most among the men.
Lee had the tiger by the tail as they were working in the tiger sanctuary.
Cameron thought they might find money. They were a very determined person.
Tracy wanted full custody of the children. Jan threatened to kidnap them and this forced Jan's hand.
Taylor was driving down the street and got hit by a big car.
Tracy knew nothing about math and realized she was going to need help.
Carson sent his brother to fight the bullies for him at school.
Ash took advantage of Alex by getting a lot of favors while returning none.
Taylor was out walking their neighbour's dog when it ran away out of sight.  Taylor worried it may have got knocked down by a car.
Skylar ignored Remy's mother by running off to the toy section of the store and was grounded as a result.
Tracy was in a BMX biking club and loved it so she urged Robin to join the club as Tracy thought Robin would love it too.
Skylar ate Cameron's supper after Cameron said they had already eaten.
Ash loved Jordan well and often. They have dated for many years.
Austin needed a ride and asked Skylar. Skylar came and got Austin.
Sydney carried the message forward by calling the next person in the phone chain.
Ash said there were no men allowed at the game. She justified this response by saying they were too loud.
addison was a creative person so he used fire to keep warm.
Remy told her friend that she wanted to go to the fair alone.
Sydney spent a couple hours working on her prsentation and fnally got it done.
Robin made their selection, and was soon enjoy the custom made sandwich.
Addison was born into poverty. When growing up, Addison took part in the struggle by delivering newspaper.
Skylar and Quinn have been married for a while. Skyler started working 3 jobs to increase household income. Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress.
Robin held a four leaf clover at the contest winner announcement to receive good luck.
Jan found time to practice the piano before her recital.
Sasha told her friends a secret after they stayed up all night at a party.
Ash sent Addison to a school for learning how to cook.
Skylar told Alex how they felt and Alex asked what was going on.
Robin brought Remy to trial once the evidence had all been gathered.
Taylor felt very happy after getting an A on their final exam.
Kai broke up with Sydney months ago, but Sydney stilled loved Kai.
Skylar walked Sasha's dog because Sasha was out of town and he didn't want the dog to be sad.
Austin passed away before they were able to complete their opus.
Jan performed well on the test.
Alex always wanted a dog so he went ot the local shelter to see them.
Sasha purchased milk cereal from the store knowing she would not have time for a big breakfast in the morning.
Addison was finding one of his university courses incredibly difficult. Addison felt like giving up, but continued on his course and passed it with good grades.
jordan kidnaped robin so he bound her hands together.
Quinn's sister just had a baby. Quinn came every week to help out when needed.
Many months after the accident, Austin finally left the hospital today.
Quinn was devastated to hear the news and they cried for hours.
Kendall made it to the top of the company and was on fantastic wages with a whole team of staff below them.
Skylar took a seat for the show and couldn't wait to see it.
taylor was a dominant person so he impressed upon me the standards.
Bailey got banned from the app on his phone after using it to harass women.
Skylar had a crush on Jordan and followed him everywhere he went.
Casey had not been feeling well and the couch was uncomfortable so Casey went to the mattresses to lay down.
Addison got to see Robin when she flew to see her at her new home.
Ash did not return the money and didn't answer his friend's question about it.
Jordan was trying to dress nicely for a wedding. Jordan bought a suit.
Jordan whispered the answer in Alex's ear and the teacher caught him.
Jesse headed inside to get onto the computer to play computer games.
Quinn had a research paper due at midnight. Quinn took a five minute break.
Riley started practicing harder and in result they got better at football.
Cameron brought their family to his play.  Their family enjoyed the play.
Austin was busy with a lot of hard work and was not very focused on their family.
Jordan stopped waiting for Sasha to get there and left early.
Taylor fixed a gaze upon Bailey and had a lot of things to talk about.
Riley helped Kendall discover something new when they were working with fossils.
Ash effected their purpose by working hard towards the goal one task at a time.
Skylar gave the motorist a speeding ticket when he almost had an accident on the road with a car with children.
Bailey apologized to their boss after messing up the biggest account of the year.
The long wait in line for the roller coaster had been a nervous experience for Carson, but once on the ride, Carson had great fun.
As the spotlight shone on Alex's face, Alex tickled the ivories to furious applause.
Skylar preached to deaf ears when they warned them of the dangers of the coming storm on the horizon.
Casey looked at Quinn with her eyes because she felt like Quinn wasn't telling the whole truth.
Robin raised their eyebrows at the random suggestions brought out at that day's meeting.
Remy bought a ticket to a concert after days of thinking about spending the money or not.
Tracy was teaching a yoga class and Jordan was having some trouble. Tracy bent Jordan's head backwards.
Kendall threw the meeting into confusion with their wild claims about UFOs.
Jesse wrote the wrong answer on the board and the teacher yelled at him.
Casey was the best gift Ash had ever gotten after he lost his car Bob.
Addison maximized Bailey's profits by being an excellent manager and salesperson.
Aubrey controlled women's rights through sheer will power and cunning political moves.
Robin had left due to feeling left out but Riley never intended that and asked Robin to return.
Lee fell asleep in the car while his friend was driving.
Jesse forgave men their sins and hoped they would do the same for him.
Riley learnt how to cook at the community college that year.
Taylor made Kai attack their brother after he was acting up.
Kendall loved her and Jordan's dad for letting them have a party.
Addison and her friends have been cleaning the house all day long.
Aubrey took Taylor's shopping bag then came back later.
Kai let the dog in when it started snowing and the temperature dropped.
After Casey's first car broke down, she bought a car from a trusted friend.
Carson went to the garage and started his truck.
Lee, the best android maker in the world, made Quinn. When they were putting Quinn together they would roll the androids eye's around the table before popping them in the sockets.
Sydney replied back with a generic text because she didn't know the answer.
Sasha turned on the oven to make the birthday cake.
Kai proceeded on their way home after the dinner party for work.
Riley increased their pay by increasing the quality of designs while decreasing the quantity, after seeing prices charged by other designers.
Skylar took the pills first and waited for the effects to take hold.
Sydney scored a goal in the game and celebrated with her team.
Bailey took swimming lessons so now Bailey gained an important skill to survive in water.
Wanting to support his friend's podcast, Lee listened to Kendall's talk about food.
Sydney dropped to Carson's knees and asked her to marry him.
Sasha stated the findings given in the report briefly before dismissing everyone for lunch.
kendall opened remy's gift and it turned out to be exactly what they were hoping for.
It was a nice day.  Jan went out to fly a kite.
Austin built Quinn's house yesterday carefully following the instructions.
Bailey decided to buy it with the cash she had left.
quinn was sydney's real mom so she gave sydney a education.
Casey crunches numbers for the taxes and screws it up.
Robin brought the paperwork to trial in a new leather Gucci bag.
After the argument became extremely heated, Tracy furiously clutched their fist to Skylar's chest, threatening to punch them.
cameron was reviewing pictures of taylor and noticed a detail so he turned taylor's face upside down.
Austin had Aubrey's hair cut and it looked fantastic when everybody complimented the new haircut.
Cameron was a good student and got good grades at school.
Jordan kept Bailey safe until her parents returned home from their night out.
Remy persuaded the judge to change his sentence after telling a compelling story of how he was involved.
Ash and Kai arranged it in order and the party was set up very nice and classy.
Kai sent the student to the principal for throwing things in class, even after giving multiple warnings.
Remy made Robin feel guilty about not helping painting the house.
To make sure the car runs properly, Taylor drove the car forward.
Robin brought the paperwork to trial just in case she needed it.
Riley had just moved to a new town and was excited for the upcoming adventure in store.
Jordan asked Jan's friend for advice about how to pass the test this coming Friday.
Aubrey was trying to increase her time and Alex kept their record for them.
Sasha worked in Casey's office for ten years and is indispensable.
Kai called Riley's husband to ask how Riley was feeling after surgery.
Syndey ate their parents, the mother made a wonderful meal for them.
Casey liked to debate with others and joined the debate club at school.
Ash was meeting her boss' family and really impressed the their wife.
Alex got lost on the way home and pulled out his phone to call for help.
Lee took up Cameron's cause and made a lot of progress.
Skylar told Alex how they really about the two of them.
Austin walked past the two dogs playing in the giant park downtown.
Bailey got their room in order to prepare the incoming birthday party event.
Bailey took the dog to the park.
Kendall wanted to watch a movie so they went to the cinema and picked the latest release.
kai was a persistent person who did not give up easily so he finally made headway.
Lee walked home from school after they spent a lot of time there studying.
Casey sold a skirt online and made a small profit off of it.
Remy prevented their pancakes from sticking to he pan and made a good breakfast.
Addison didn't at first but eventually grew to love Kendall.
Jan got Jesse's parents to help out with the fall festival.
Cameron affected students' life by teaching how white people genocide American Indian.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in sports from a young age to ensure their future performance as a star athlete.
Charlotte was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan discovered that her friend was being bullied. Thus, having a sharp tongue, she tore the bully apart.
Lee fell asleep while driving the car. They lost control and ended up in a ditch.
Kendall made Quinn use caution even though it was not in Quinn's nature.
Carson ran vegetables under cold water and was getting ready to boil them in water.
Skylar decided to drive to their vacation location and drove the car.
Tracy got into a fight at work with their boss over a project.
Lee got ready for Kendall's birthday by getting some cake and a gallon of punch.
The mountains were Sydney's favorite place to visit. Sydney was making plans to go on a vacation there.
Addison made coffee for the group and discussed the plan.
Alex issued a refund to David for the amount of one hundred dollars even though David had no reciept.
Lee gave some food to the homeless people.  They also gave some money to them.
Jordan found Jan's keys out in the back yard so he picked it up and gave it to Jan.
It was time for everyone to pitch in for the rent bill, Cameron was told Tracy would take the money.
Riley screamed out loud with her friend to cheer on the team.
Ash gave Addison the appearance of a sexy model after Addison asked for a new look.
Ash was off sick for 3 weeks so when they returned Aubrey provided Ash an overview of what had been happening.
Quinn had homework but finished in time for dinner that night.
Jordan has always being in love with Jesse. when they finished the high school, Jordan invited Jesse  to go out of town along with his friends.
Remy bought some new gloves and tried them on to see if they fit.
Robin's niece needed money to see a movie at a theater, so Robin gave her niece some money.
Sasha won the lottery which was for a jackpot of millions of dollars.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai after meeting him at summer camp a few weeks ago.
Casey turned the radio off so he could focus on studying for his final exams.
Carson started dating Aubrey, even though Aubrey was only their second choice.
Carson pulled the football away from his teamate after seeing poor sportsmanship.
After taking some melatonin, Remy slept well last night.
Tracy asked Lee to give thanks before the delicious Thanksgiving dinner was served.
Alex took Aubrey to the lake for two hours and then they went and got ice cream.
Riley paid Carsons expenses so he could enjoy life more.
Bailey took it easy at the time, which cost them when finals came around and they didn't know the answers.
Sasha had to ask Carson's friend about a terrible situation which made her scared.
Ash paid dividends to the investors in the company.
Quinn spent all day with the Kai family and had a great time in the big park.
Remy and his friends left the beach that night.
tracy was the executioner so she tightened the noose around riley.
Remy was at a restaurant with their coworkers. They at at a buffet.
Kai really pissed Jan off when he would not taker her to the prom but took her sister instead.
Carson met Alex's demand and was happy to be offered a promotion afterwards.
After Aubrey did a wonderful presentation Skylar gave Aubrey the business.
Ash gave worry to problems about the growing problem of not getting enough to eat.
Skylar took over Jesse's duties when they got sick and had to miss work.
Jesse was very upset and had been crying, so Quinn dried Jesse's eyes.
Casey woke up ready from work but a text said that her same day vacation was approved.
Austin came home from the war and couldn't adjust to normal wife.
Bailey loved Aubrey's job and made a plan to steal it from her.
Alex got a tattoo on a whim because they thought they would look more intimidating.
When she was done writing the sentence, Aubrey examined the sentence carefully.
Cameron looked in the fridge but couldn't find anything to eat.
Riley walked to school one day when Riley's mom had the car send for maintenance.
Sydney swam at the local pool and splashed and had a lot of fun.
Tracy was reading the book and got her attention. Tracy knew what might happen in the end.
Aubrey wasn't paying attention and forgot the car keys in the ignition.
Skylar got on the boat and sailed to another part of the world.
Kendall sweetened the pot when he said that he would give the 1st place winner $500.
Kendall was a surgeon who needed to perform an operation on Jesse's head.
Taylor created the system with Jordan after coming up with intricate algorithms and calculations.
Aubrey asked Tracy a question about the project because they weren't in class the day it was talked about.
Taylor got a new job and showed up to work twenty minutes early.
Tracy went to town with a friend to see a parade.
Addison gained a lot of weight because they had a major sweet tooth.
Sasha advised Carson to not go surfing today as the sea was too rough but Carson ignored Sasha'a advice and went anyway and ended up having a minor accident.
Aubrey bought stock in the company even though they didn't have a lot of money.
Sydney asked them for Casey's number to put on the employee roster.
Jordan wanted Jesse to have fun so he invited him along to the party.
Casey hired Aubery's attorney as she prepares for the divorce.
bailey did everything in their power to make it work so nobody would have to be laid off.
Casey took a plane to florida and brought all his friends too.
Skylar was expecting her very first child at the hospital with her friend there.
Addison plied Casey's trade which was selling mushrooms.
Jorden needed supplies in the Kitchen so she threw open the cabinet.
Riley wanted to go to the movies to check out this new movie they heard about.
Kai threw flowers into the water as the funeral pyre drifted away.
Sydney set their alarm and went to bed and stayed in their until morning.
Riley gave Bailey a head start during their race.
Jordan had been out all night partying. They got back home.
Aubrey showed the broken pots to the children that had been running wild in the kitchen.
Austin had three children and always dreamed of taking them to Disney World.
Sydney was treated like dirt by her new friends.
Robin is a prosecutor for the state of Massachusetts.
Alex was coming over for a birthday party. Alex walked in and gave Lee's son hugs.
Ash grounded Kai for a month because Kai called Ash a bad word.
Casey followed the dog far before finally catching him and bringing him home.
There are many generations of family here and Sasha was succeeded by her son.
Jesse was fasting so they could focus on God. They ran on empty.
Robin visited many stores and bought a lot of clothes and shoes even though they were on a budget.
Ash played tennis with Jesse's friend and was going to play Jesse next.
Lee has work tomorrow, and needed to have a clean uniform ready, so Lee washed clothes.
Tracy didn't catch any fish after attempting to do so for 7 hours straight.
After they finally recovered from a sprained ankle, Ash welcomed Cameron back to the team.
Robin was going to Sasha's house for the first time, so Sasha gave Robin her address.
Austin for for Quinn's life and was exhausted afterward.
Riley will call Kai right after the meeting to set up a date for later.
Sasha got her first car after turning seventeen.
Robin noticed homeless people standing on the sidewalk so Robin gave them money.
Addison felt bored and decided to leave the meeting early.
Remy saw a band live and got to meet the lead singer backstage.
Kai got Addison's friends together to go out to a dinner.
Robin set a goal to run five miles every day.
jordan was running with a glass of water in his hands and then he fell and spilt it.
When they got to the remote lake, Bailey pushed the boat out.
Ash went well and got a promotion.
Sasha pulled the blinds together so that she could do something away from prying eyes.
Carson gave the driver a ticket for driving too fast in the neighborhood.
Cara didnt have a car. Austin loaned his to her.
Riley's birthday was coming up and Riley would be one year old.
Kendall borrowed money to buy something that was not very important.
Riley applied pressure to Jan's wound and was able to stop the bleeding.
Ash bought new furniture for his condo right after he moved in.
Kai felt lonely so he went to Casy's room and laid by Casey's side. Casey was sound sleeping.
Riley had the biggest crush on the boy so she gave him a kiss.
Cameron made Bailey's jaw drop when he quit his job that day.
Alex put their things on the shelf in the kitchen cupboard then put the dairy products in the fridge and the frozen veg into the freezer.
Robin devoted himself to writing after being encouraged by a prominent English professor.
Kendall fought with him side by side and they both were victorious in the war.
Taylor drove down the street to get home.
Kai walked up to thomas in the bar and punched him in the face.
Aubrey had the day off of work and decided to have quality time.
They were late for work and speeding to make up lost time. They got pulled over and Officer Jordan gave their friend a ticket.
Kendall listened to Casey's newly released album and she loved it.
Tracy kept her cat away from her brother because he is allergic to cat hair.
Others felt that Addison was doing poor work. Addison improved morale in patients.
Tracy threw his money in the air and watched it fall on the bed.
Robin had saved up all their allowance to see the big summer blockbuster.
Carson went to Remy's room at the uni dorms to see if Remy wanted to go out for a drink.
Sasha published another paperback book about quilting, sewing and embroidery.
Cameron gave Casey a drink and grin at them when they drank it.
Jordan gave people hugs whether he knew them or not.
Jan meant to bring Riley's keys but had left them behind on accident.
Jan bought a coffee, drank the coffee, and it tasted good.
Alex helped Austin make headway on an important task at work.
Casey's daughter Skylar is "growing like a weed." Since she has grown so quickly nothing fits Skylar anymore. Casey says they will need to get Skylar new things.
Casey met her death yesterday, just before her 90th birthday.
Casey met Sasha after the show so they could get Sasha home since Sasha was drunk.
Aubrey was very religious and didn't want their children to be corrupted by liberals.
Sydney's dog attacked another dog while they were on a walk.
Austin was very busy and didn't mean to ignore his broth Remy who started to cry.
Addison wasn't paying attention and knocked her coffee over, accidentally spilling it.
Kendall scored low on their efficiency evaluation at work. The next week Kendall increased their score by ten percent.
Bailey went to a concert and saw a band they liked live.
Riley was trying to protect his village and the inhabitants from terrorists.
Alex was sneaking out to go to a party. Alex told their sister a lie and said they were going to the store.
Cameron ate Italian food. However, the spicy food didn't agree with her stomach.
Ash painted Jordan's picture for a portrait at the school.
There was a bad winter storm outside, so Jesse spent hours online.
Jordan kept Sydney's place in line while she went to the bathroom.
Ash forgot the potatoes for dinner so they sent their friend to the store.
Carson didn't want to go on the trip but was forced to.
Skylar is crying and very upset. Syndey is busy but takes time to sit down and talk to Skylar.
Sydney checked their fridge to see if there were any eggs inside of it.
Addison was a lawyer and helped Quinn get credit for the work Quinn put in with Kai for their trademark.
Addison practiced daily and eventually won the biggest tournament in the sport.
Skylar really loves her brother and she makes sure she follows him around everywhere.
Bailey saw a bug in the window and screamed for someone to come and kill it.
California cost of living was to high for Sasha.  Therefore, Sasha left and went to Texas.
Aubrey's friend was having trouble in school, so Aubrey helped their friend understand the math problem.
Lee found out that their friend liked them a lot and wanted to date them.
jordan wanted to help lee so she got his things.
Alex put their things on the floor. They did not belong there.
Austin wanted to go to the dance with his friends and he bought some nice clothes.
Kendall mounted Aubrey's house and rushed out of the farm.
Alex took the money and got some burgers for lunch that day.
Skylar ate breakfast with their family during the time she was visiting.
Kai would not stop bothering Jan and eventually he went to far and pissed Jan off.
Cameron ran amok after winning the lottery for one million dollars that day.
Aubrey said nothing to Kai and made the room feel awkward.
Sydney was grounded for a month and had to go inside and not play outside.
Remy passed by to encourage their friend to play some games at the park.
Kai went all out studying and spent the entire night studying for the teachers test.
Aubrey invited everyone to her annual Thanksgiving dinner, including Kendall's friend who had nowhere else to go.
Robin was the only person that talked to their brother when he returned homw.
Carson became very aroused and unintentionally dug his nails into Jesse's chest.
Ash opened up quickly when questioned by the police.
Jan opened a store, but no one ever came, and it quickly closed down.
Aubrey was taking the bus to work each day but she wanted a working car more than anything.
Sydney controlled their environment to make sure their carefully balanced life wasn't interrupted.
Jan planted a garden in their backyard to have a lot of vegetables.
Alex loved their cousins bodies and grabbed one of them by the crotch.
Bailey advised Quinn to take vitamins to overcome his cold.
Jan was tired of putting up with all the drama at work.
Austin was holding an auction at work to raise money for charity.  Everyone brought in items to sell and Austin carefully listed every item.
Kai is going on an overseas vacation. Kai intends to visit at least five different countries.
This Halloween Robin gave Skylar a makeover to play treat or trick and scare people.
Robin gave the most among men when they were asked for donations.
To cure their aching body, Sydney ended the day with a bath.
Riley served their master well and made the master a lot of money at the job.
Sydney is a basketball player. At one of her team's games against an opponent team, Sydney concentrated on the ball in her hands as she dribbled it across the court.
Skylar wanted anything that had to do with turtles for her collection.
Kai grabs eggs out of the fridge and flour and sugar out of the cabinet. Kai opens a recipe and starts to bake a cake.
Ashe sent their son the the store and was happy when he returned with enough food for the others as well.
Addison went back to their room after they were done with dinner.
Taylor and Bailey were very good friends who have known each other for a long time.
Tracy was bored one Saturday afternoon. Tracy went to the mall with a friend to shop.
Robin spends hours exploring a new store they have never been in before. Robin brings their clothing to the counter to check out.
Lee saved up his money for months and got an ipad.
Jan could tell Robin was interested so they asked them out.
Jesse found the emotion hard to express but they eventually found a way and their spouse was happy they opened up.
Aubrey reviews what Jan did, what ever punishment that Aubrey decided would seal Jan's fate.
Jan showed Alex signs of what the flu was.
Cameron tasted some really good sauce and asked for more and more.
Skylar was nervous but willing to put himself out there.  He found the courage to be strong.
Aubrey stroked Jan's hair.  They were very affectionate towards each other.
Jordan finally found someone who liked collecting stamps and much as he did.
Aubrey involved every student in the interactive activity to teach social skills.
Remy taught them a lesson about dance and the crowd was very appreciative.
Jordan bought the jacket for the winter so he wouldn't be cold.
Cameron packed Ash's lunch for him while Ash searched for his books.
Remy used every idea she had when trying to figure out how to open the jar.
Carson ground Quinn's hips when they were dancing with them one day.
Austin helped Riley comb his hair as he is currently unable due to his cast.
Riley started an international incident when they bombed the foreign embassy.
Cameron gave Austin guidance when they asked what they should go to school for.
Austin loved Kendall's hairstyle and thus asked Kendall for her stylist's information.
Carson lost his job and couldn't pay rent. He got evicted from his apartment and moved in with his parents.
Bailey spread forth their knowledge about the topics of science and math.
Sydney took Robin to the emergency room because Robin cut both of his wrists deeply.
Bailey had a rough year but she still loved her parents dearly.
Alex's dog was brought home with the help and thanks of Kai.
Jan would play with all the children while their parents were busy at the meeting.
Bailey was out and had broken a sweat.
Sydney also gave Ash grief after Ash told her mom about the fight they had with one another.
Riley faced an uneasy future after they learned they might be fired from their job.
Jesse had several wild hogs bothering his cattle. Jesse went pig hunting.
Aubrey suited up for her karate class.
Aubrey came to Lee, distraught as Lee had just lost the game, and hugged them for support.
Casey looked straight ahead at the car that he wanted.
Ash didn't want to walk home alone so Kai walked with them.
Ash cracked the screen of the phone after dropping it.
remy worked hard for the skateboarding competition and received carson's reward.
Cameron broke my leg by accident when he crashed his motorcycle with me on it.
Sasha met new people and got their numbers so they can meet again.
Taylor was at a major disadvantage and Austin had Taylor by the short hairs.
After an amazing singing performance with all new dance moves, Taylor blew the crowd away.
Carson just got a new higher paying job last week.
Aubrey did not say anything to Kai about the mess they made.
I was committing horrible crimes and hurting people until Jordan put the fear of God into me.
Austin just poured themselves a huge glass of orange juice, but after putting the jug back into the  fridge they knocked over the glass and spilled their drink all over the floor.
Remy made a smoothie using bananas, yogurt, and blueberries.
Jesse found the way to express his feelings to his girlfriend after a long day.
Robin wanted to schedule a meeting with Austin. Austin got back to Robin.
Riley got a lot of money from working so much.
Cameron had believed Ash's eyes were hazel, but realized they are actually blue.
Riley went to war with their friends and never talked to them again.
Kai helped their mother fix dinner that night.
Jordan didn't eat pizza anymore after he found out he was allergic to it.
Casey played a game of soccer with her team and played her best.
Kendall gave their friends a warm welcome on their trip back to the house.
Ash bid Jesse farewell. Jesse was the best dog he had ever had and it would be hard to say goodbye but Jesse was in pain now and had been for some time.
Tracy could not start her car so she took Casey's.
As part of the pagan religious ceremony, Aubrey offered themselves to the gods.
Tracy liked to drink a lot in  any ocasion.
Tracy is a single mother and was going to a movie theater with her boyfriend. Tracy wouldn't let 3 years old Casey come along.
Bailey peeked inside the door and saw the others waiting for her.
Sydney made extra money by working extra hours at the office.
Remy saw Bailey's grandma when she was in the hospital.
Jan played Jordan the best speech in history while they were in the car.
Taylor affected Carson's ability to think clearly because she made bad decisions.
Robin thought of something and quickly wrote it down before they forgot again.
Casey went to Riley's house for dinner.
Ash pleased Addison well and was very good at it.
Lee bought a cake for Remy's birthday and it was a giant chocolate cake.
Casey keep to themselves and so remained to be seen outside of school.
Alex took their baby to the doctor for a regular checkup.
Jan needed to leave fast. They were in a lot of trouble.
Jan didn't want to wait for the rest of the group to get to the mountain. Jan started climbing the mountain.
Aubrey and Kai got into an argument yesterday because Kai betrayed her trust. She hasn't spoken to Kai today and has given him the silent treatment.
according to the article Aubrey went fishing together.
Kendall impressed upon Remy to be truthful because it was the right thing to do.
Ash was every mans hero from all the good deeds they did.
Lee is a botanist.  They identified every plant when high school students asked them questions.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in reading when she was a very young girl.
Tracy was ahead of everybody and is going to win the race.
Austin gave the man help getting his groceries in his car.
Carson persuaded their friend to accept the invitation to go to the birthday party of his grandma.
Alex would eventually pass the class despite spending all his time playing video games.
Alex called Bailey's boyfriend that night on the phone.
Austin made the announcement to his wife Addison that he wanted a divorce.
Cameron took pills she got from the doctor to help her relax .
Remy was starving and hadn't eaten all day so he got some food.
Rem felt that they experienced everything when they went to the cinema to watch a 4D film.
The bus was coming around the corner but Casey realized she forgot her backpack and Casey ran right back.
Aubrey made Sydney give an explanation of their science project to class.
cameron needed to make a fruit drink so he put fruit in the blender.
Casey told Bailey to help him with the math test he needed to take.
By releasing the coyote's paw from the trap, Sasha saved the animal alive on live television.
Lee held hands during the pleasure moment and moans cravingly while her partner continued to move.
jordan took their toddler for a walk and everyone noticed the cute child.
Because Tracy was lost in her thoughts, she found satisfaction elsewhere.
Bailey had opened a new restaurant. Right after the grand opening, she saw a bug in the kitchen. She grabbed a menu and killed the bug.
Carson got a new game for their birthday. They learned how to play the game.
Addison got a layered haircut just like Casey as they agreed to do.
Sydney told Remy what had happened to them after they blacked out from drinking too much.
Casey wanted to get rid of Ash because Ash was causing problems and conflicts within the group.
Jordan invited Addison's girlfriend to the party over the weekend.
Aubrey pulled Remy apart from the other boy and asked what was going on.
Robin became the tour guide because he knew his way around pretty well.
Sydney sounded Casey's alarm in order for her to get a head start on the day.
Aubrey prayed without ceasing for their family to get better after the accident.
Jesse was thinking there was something wrong with Casey, so she took her to the doctor to get her looked at.
Cameron's kills broke Casey's heart because Casey never suspected that Cameron was a sociopathic killer.
Casey and Jan performed their duty of going to the lands and fighting for their country.
Riley and their band had a huge show coming up in the city.
Robin was wrapping a present for Kai when he walked in the room. Robin yelled and locked the door behind Kai.
Austin was helpful and carried Casey along the way.
Bailey loves to eat pumpkin pie and it is finally in season. Bailey drives to the store and buys several pumpkins.
Alex bought Carson's phone from his home after they had a long negotiation about what the price should be.
Alex invited their friend Cameron to the party even though nobody likes Cameron.
Remy wrote Skylar a note about the planned heist.
Lee raised Quinn's head up high when Quinn was feeling sad.
Skylar's boyfriend wanted to know how well Cameron knew Skylar, so Cameron impressed Skylar's boyfriend with their knowledge.
Austin set their sales goal low for the month. They reached their goal without much effort.
Jan stole their moves on the dance floor and they laughed and had fun with her.
Robin was watching TV with the volume on very loud, so Kai asked Robin to turn it down.
Sydney was a soccer coach for a soccer team.
Aubrey added water to Bailey's tree and got the tree to grow.
Taylor willed definitely to succeed before the Olympic trials.
Aubrey had had a long day at work and was exhausted and needed to relax.
casey was a mean person so she took austin's chances.
Cameron felt cuts in Robin's leg after the glass shattered in the car accident.
Quinn offered anything in exchange for Alex's help and effort to succeed with the plan.
Alex lost patience and confronted people when someone cut in the line in front of him.
sydney was a person of honor so she repaid the loan.
Lee taught Aubrey to play the game so that they would have someone to play with.
Kendall felt bad when she lied to her dad.
Bailey wasn't sure where the thief ran off to. Bailey went around the corner to see.
Jordan landed wrong when he jumped off the ledge.
After studying all night for a big exam, Jan ended up falling asleep during the test.
Tracy's car had been stolen, so Tracy took Casey's car to work.
Remy expressed their regret. They lived a trite, meaningless life.
Bailey discussed this matter in detail with her supervisor who gave her good advice on dealing with the situation.
Jesse went camping with his friends and had a really good time in the forest.
Tracy quickly rushed to school having woken up late that morning.
Carson learnt Alex's lesson on how to make a big piece of cake.
Austin taught Alex to read English. It was important that he help them.
Cameron saw the lions eat the unlucky deer.
Addison visited the pet store yesterday to look at the new fish.
Cameron dashed their hopes against a stone when he went out with Sarah anyway.
riley wanted to be cruel so he pushed casey's fingers in the door jam.
austin was not a secretive person so she shared everything with his friend.
Lee went to a party last weekend and he knew everyone that was there.
Skylar became a millionaire through hard work and personal sacrifices she made.
Remy was walking home from school when he found some money. He then took the money to their mom.
Remy changed their character and everyone liked them a lot better.
Cameron slowly moved Taylor's mouth up and down so that Taylor would chew the food.
Remy got very upset and slammed his books on the desk.
Tracy read the news online using her mobile phone while sitting on a subway train.
aubrey found out skylar is the one who broke into her house so she declared war against skylar.
Robin called their daughter on the phone and told her that she loved her.
Jan got two jobs so that they could support their children.
Sydney ran a marathon for the first time in her life and won it.
Kendall was into sports of all kinds. Before lunch he played a few games of basketball.
Jesse feeds Alex's cat every weekend.
Casey was trying to put a stubborn shelf together.
Jordan called out Austin's name to assist him getting out of bed.
After the fight escalated even further, Austin left in a huff of anger.
Sydney wasn't paying attention while walking and she almost stepped out into the street in front of a car before Sydney was embraced in the grasp of a muscular man who saved her.
Ash sent their daughter to the store to get supplies for the others.
Riley decided to take a stroll, but she could only do this after getting some food and feeding her fish.
Riley was one of the people who prepared the food for the reception party after the wedding.
Jesse let their friends come after the others asked if it was alright.
Jesse thanked bailey's family for supporting them in the election that year.
Ash tried Addison's hardest puzzle.  They could not solve it.
Ash gathered everything to cast the vote for herself and Robin.
Kendall called Alex's name several times in a row.
Jordan lent Addison the money so she could pay for groceries.
Cameron whispered something in Jan's ear. It made Jan smile. Jan said thank you.
Riley would show for class tomorrow for his report.
Carson played soccer in the park everyday with other players and they love it.
Kendall saw fleas on their dog and got some medicine. Kendall killed every flea.
Quinn was not understanding the algebra homework. Quinn required Alex's effort to complete their work.
Skylar took a chance and ended up becoming a millionaire by buying a winning lottery ticket.
Kendall helped to get the fire started because she was cold and hungry.
Taylor was rushing to get to work on time and Taylor spilled coffee all over Ash's shirt.
Lee made Sydney arrest the person who would be found guilty of committing the crime.
Robin came and helped with the project the team was working on.
Sydney's students painted graffiti on the wall and windows. So Sydney gave her students detention and demanded them to remove all the graffiti.

Prompt word count: 5.
Austin built Tracy one and it was a giant slide at home.
Sydney took both of Skylar's kids to the movies and they watched something great.
Addison made sure to sleep well that night in order to prepare for the test.
Aubrey looked at her hero and sung their praises.
Taylor told their mom to let them go out when it was dark out in the evening time.
Jesse wanted a new game, but he didn't have enough money to pay for it.
Quinn is poor and doesn't have a-lot of things. Casey isn't selfish and feels bad about it, so she gives her things.
Remy was going to go to the diner. Remy met another friend there when he arrived.
Kendall gave her a headache about the show that Kendall liked and she didn't.
Casey and Austin had had a big fight that jeopardized their friendship.
Kendall realized too late that it was Jan's last day on the job.
Addison ran Remy's risky idea past their boss and got the credit for it.
Riley watched her fiance walk away for the last time. She lost hope in the relationship.
While Sydney was out of the country on vacation, Bailey fed their fish.
Riley had a very poor singing voice. Their favorite song came on the radio so Riley began to sing the song and everyone laughed at them.
Aubrey saw Kai's friend and relayed a message to Kai for him.
As customer wanted to buy a home so Addison called the customer into Skylar's office.
While playing volleyball, Jan accidentally hit their friend in the head.
Sydney flunked the latest math test and felt like a failure.
Jordan brought home a pair of puppy brothers because they didn't want the puppies to be split up.
Jan showed everyone the report she got a good grade on.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers down their arm, and they both got chills from the physical contact.
Jesse wanted to go see his grandmother overseas.
Kendall was a computer software developer at their company. Kendall provided Jordan the interface.
Casey won a trip for 4 and took some friends to Florida.
Austin left for work on the cold windy day.
Sydney did an excellent job and was rewarded with a raise.
Addison sailed her boat without any help from her dad.
Bailey was at the toilet then returned to their classroom.
Riley had a bad cough after running 10 miles in a marathon race.
Jan bought food for the party and prepared it all day long.
Cameron took sides with the better looking team in the game.
Jordan invited Jan over for dinner at his place on saturday night.
Jesse was a horrible student, so Jesse stopped going to school.
Robin set the controls at a different level so that they could be in defiance of the rules.
Riley tasted bad as Jan was licking his neck.
Sasha had been asking her mom for years and now she got a puppy.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept their help because they felt like they needed to return a favor.
Taylor politely asked for the book at the library when it came in.
Ann smiled at Quinn.  Quinn also gave a smile.
Skylar was trying to help Bailey clean up and get rid of things, be she accidentally sold Bailey's dearly loved gift.
Tracy didn't know what was wrong with her grades even tho she studied a lot less than her roommate.
Jesse stayed in Jan's room while their room was repainted and carpeted.
Ash went to grad school for five years to get a PhD.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly in the moonlight that night.
Kendall closed the door after Sydney and they sat down for lunch.
Cameron was new in school. Kendall decided she did not like him based on assumptions and rumors.
Kendall went against the grain and got a much closer shave with minor irritation.
Jordan pointed at Quinn's finger to show them the cancer that was happening there.
After Tracy got sick of city life, Tracy bought a property in the forest and built a cabin to live in using wood.
Austin sent the boy to school early for morning detention before class.
Sasha expressed Skylar's paper in terms that the average audience member could understand.
Alex never found out about the incident with the werewolf and the vampire.
Tracy found out Lee cheated on her, so she took his life while he was asleep.
Sydney believed Jesse's luck would run out after Jesse began to get more careless.
Cameron gave their position away ultimately resulting in an attack on the compound.
After weeks of studying and preparation, the certification exam was only one day away. Sydney became very nervous.
Addison left the place that she grew up.
Remy ran outside one day because they thought they needed to get some fresh air.
Alex was going to a party and decided to invite their friend Cameron.
Taylor rode his car around town and got a lot of praise for the beauty of the car.
Taylor said Bailey would leave after dinner yesterday yet Bailey is still here.
Alex's neighbor banged on the wall because the music was too loud. Alex reduced the volume to a minimum level.
Ash got Cameron's towel cleaned when she went to town this morning.
Ash entered an election for city council. They won by a landslide.
Alex was right behind Riley when Riley suddenly stopped walking and stared at something.
Jordan was looking for a sturdy place to build a castle. Jordan built their castle upon a rock.
Ash thanked Carson for Jesse's help, since Jesse left before Ash was able to say anything.
Cameron found a way to get home even though it was difficult.
Kai realized the students had a wide gap in their knowledge and skills. Teaching them all the same thing would be nearly impossible.
Kendall just got some bad news from their mother. Kendall and Aubrey are best friends. Kendall called Aubrey to tell them the bad news. Aubrey would see tears in Kendall's eyes.
Jordan produced it annually for the others who wanted it for the holidays.
Riley stayed at Ash's place until they could find a new place to live.
Tracy saw Kai like they were a ghost.  Kai was a soldier and was supposed to be at the war zone.
Alex bought a brand new computer and started their school project that day.
Sasha increased Sydney's stock value by choosing to diversify the portfolio.
Cameron's father wanted to ask Casey about Cameron, so Casey went out with Cameron's father to talk.
Kai got a notice of eviction after failing to pay rent for several months.
Ash handed the books to Cameron when they were too heavy.
Carson "went hard or go home" because you needed to being risky or just not try.
Bailey baked cookies for Alex because Bailey wanted to make Alex feel better.
Sydney found Remy's phone so she left it at her desk near the disposal.
Quinn is the replacement lead singer for a choir and the lead got sick so he gets to sing now.
Carson found a wallet on the ground.  Carson returned the wallet to its owner.
Riley spelled the words correctly at the spelling bee for school.
Lee got married in Tracy and they were meant to be.
Kai and Quinn are a couple thus Kai bought gifts for Quinn's family.
Jesse opened Kai's eyes to completely new possibilities in life.
Carson was good at finding new solutions, and Carson solved the riddle in a novel way.
Sydney used everything they had to get chores done so they could play.
Jan had come for an interview, Riley was the interviewer.  Riley saw Jan sitting outside so they took Jan inside the room.
Remy carried out Addison's work when she was out sick and he was recognized for it.
Lee was looking for work in the city and found a job that had decent pay.
Cameron had accidentally broke the door, so they told their mom about it.
Cameron rubbed Tracy's cheek in order to calm her down.
Taylor learned Japanese for the trip they were taking to Japan.
Austin divided the subjects into categories to make them easier for the class to learn.
Alex helped everyone that was in distress during the disaster that had occurred.
Alex put Jordan into practice. They were a good player.
Tracy was hesitant but she finally agreed to lend money with interest.
Ash called the dog often in order for the dog to learn its name.
bailey derived alex's benefit from all the work that alex did on the project.
Aubrey was in a hurry and go the food to go.
Remy bought a new record player. He put on his favorite record and moved the needle to his favorite track.
Aubrey got the keys and went outside to start Remy's truck.
Riley walked around alex to get to the ordering counter first and get food.
Cameron was a quarterback of their football team.  They gathered everyone together.
Our substitute teacher that day was Kendall, who took us all to the art museum.
Riley ran away from Casey because he had a watergun.
Casey was doing laundry and set Remy's clothing in order for them.
Kai turned the lights off and began to get ready for bed.
Taylor showed Casey the path they were going to hike that day.
Lee didn't understand the homework assignment. Lee tried to call Tracy to ask some questions.
Robin new either was lying but she couldn't do anything without a search warrant.
Riley and Sydney started their own band where Riley was the main singer and Sydney was the drummer however Sydney liked to join in singing with Riley.
Aubrey and Carson were supposed to meet at the diner, but Carson worked late so Carson joined Aubrey later.
Tracy brought Austin to god at the big church in downtown that day.
Cameron made Taylor widen her eyes even more at the thought.
Taylor impressed upon you the standards that needed to be upheld in his construction industry.
Someone was teaching Cameron a lesson in manners. Cameron saw what it was like.
jan was rude so she slept in sydney's bed.
Riley threw away the scraps after cutting fat off the pot roast.
Sydney was a stern cop and wrote out their ticket, ignoring their plea for mercy.
Riley kept Bailey in touch because they were close friends.
After putting out a number of gift requests, Carson got her wish.
Alex enjoyed Sydney's tears too much by laughing uncontrollably at the sight of Sydney's weeping.
Taylor ran faster in the race and kept trying to do their best.
Sasha started a new project and her friends helped her out with it.
Since Sydney was sick in the hospital for weeks, Austin acted on Sydney's behalf.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's ashes so she could go with Skylar to scatter them.
Jan took her wallet and counted the money inside it.
Austin pulled Aubrey close to tell them that they were in love and wanted to get married.
Jordan was going to bake chicken for dinner so Jordan turned the oven on.
Jan came in one time every day, and got a promotion for their good work.
Riley looked them straight in the eye so that they would be too intimidated to perform.
bailey was a low down dirty person so she took kendall's girlfriend out.
Bailey had lost their dog a month ago, and had never found their dog.
Skylar met Kendall's boyfriend's parents and they had a long chat about the future.
Remy followed Tracy home and taunted them until they got inside.
Taylor played for hours on the XBox until the sun came up.
Austin put Quinn's name on the list of best employees at the shop.
Kai had worked really hard and was able to get his masters in English.
Robin decided to go for a long walk but brought Carson along.
bailey wanted to be social so she asked her neighbor to stop by.
Aubrey found a list for Addison to complete after coming home from school.
Casey suited Jan's tastes as a date for the school date.
Tracy sowed corn in their field to have things planted for the season.
Jan wanted to have pancakes for breakfast on her birthday.
Tracy protected Austin's skin from the sun by applying generous amount of sunscreen and placing a hat on his head.
quinn went to hawaii to vacation so she was no longer available to work.
Addison went to the party alone and felt very odd there until Taylor approached them.
Kai saw it up close when he rode his bike up to the body laying in the field.
Kendall purchased clothes online for the dinner she was going to.
Kai was studying to play Quinn in the biopic of Quinn's life.
Quinn asked Bailey if she would join a baseball team with her and play every week.
Taylor took Carson's turn while Carson was in the bathroom.
Jan put Quinn's money in the safe after working out an arrangement with the bank manager.
Tracy died at Kendall's age old joke and had to leave the room to compose herself.
Alex saw Kendall's boss and gave a nice big speech about the climate that day.
Remy needed to tell Austin the truth about what was happening at work.
Casey desperately wanted dinner so she started looking for nearby restaurants that were open.
Ash tried Addison's hardest puzzle in order to prove herself.
Lee was looking forward to the last day of school, so that they could have fun all summer.
Sasha tried hard on her test and got a good grade on it.
Ash opened up quickly to the large support group.
Quinn texted their husband advice on what to get their friends for the baby shower.
Riley led Jordan to the door and asked him to leave her alone.
The phone wouldn't stop ringing, after realizing no one else was going to answer Carson picked up the phone.
Cameron's boss hires Ash because Cameron isn't completing their work load. Ash has taken over Cameron's job responsibilities and Cameron has nothing to do all day.
Lee wrote the paper and it ultimately got an amazing grade from the teacher.
Jesse went to the zoo with her family and they got tickets for the orca show as well.
While getting ready for bed Kai took their hat off to sleep.
Aubrey hurried out of Alex's car. Aubrey locked Alex's keys in their car.
Aubrey painted their house with a mural depicting mountains with a beautiful sunset in the background.
Lee hired a painter to help Carson paint his house last summer.
Carson took on piano lessons and finally learnt how to play the piano.
Bailey was not able to make it because they were ill, so Remy pled Bailey's case.
Alex was being bullied at their old school so Alex moved to a new school.
Carson have Jesse a lesson in lock-picking before the heist.
Lee shook his head sadly as he buried his dead dog in the backyard.
Taylor put the ingredients in and made a batch of cookies to eat for dinner.
Skylar lost their mind as a result of spending too much time around the other people.
Bailey had gone to business school so they helped Ash start their own business.
Robin liked to play chess in their spare time. They joined the chess club.
Addison found the one skylar wanted and bought it as a birthday gift for them.
Jordan laid eyes on Ash and was smitten on the first glance.
Alex sold their shoes to a friend because they were bored with them.

Prompt word count:.
Tracy snuck up behind Cameron. They were trying to scare him.
Sasha joined a gym and worked out with some of her friends.
Bailey tipped the scales when she stood on it and the others made fun of Bailey's weight.
Bailey knew Taylor that well and got a few snacks for later tonight.
Sydney denied one's rights after meeting in the courtroom.
Carson added the number to the list because the line was too long to remember each person.
Robin wanted their friends approval  to post a funny picture of them on  facebook.
Remy infringed upon the rights of the girl by not listening to her when she said leave.
Bailey stood in Remy's way when Remy tried to get to the outside.
Taylor drove to Las Vegas to get married to his lover.
addison called the customer into skylar's office to help them with their problem and do their job.
Cameron took away Ash's toys from his toy chest and played with them.
Austin opened Tracy's purse wide. Tracy caught Austin in the act this time.
Remy sat down beside Aubrey during dinner every night as they watched TV.
Carson looked deeply and fixed their gaze upon Taylor after seeing them for the first time.
Sydney belonged to Cameron's group of friends from school they met.
lee was a corrupt and selfish individual so he gave himself a promotion.
Carson knocked on the door. He didn't hear anyone at first but then he heard a scream. He entered their house.
Taylor's sister said she needed a smoothie while in labor. Taylor said she could get it.
Aubrey sat in the living room and did not get off the couch.
Jan was in charge today so she gave Addison orders.
Robin is a horse trainer, and felt her oats that she feeds to horses.
Taylor felt young again after getting into a workout routine and eating better.
austin was tired of being  religious so he broke god's law.
Lee brought the murder case to a conclusion with good evidence against the defendants.
Kendall didn't have a phone number to give to the cute guy. Kendall used Alex's number instead.
Carson got their friends together to share the great news.
Bailey is directing a play and trying to get the best cast.
tracy was a kind person so she gave carson's baby a toy.
Cameron brought his lunch to a picnic in a park.
Quinn was surprised with a birthday cake. Quinn burnt the candle at both ends. She had an amazing night.
Carson wanted to be a photographer and took plenty of photos for practice.
Sydney shooed it away when the puppy crawled up to her.
Sasha was a pastor who had a knack for determining a person's character.
Robin has big goals. They achieved progress in life.
Addison took the work Kendall sent to to Addison as an e-mail and used it for the assignment that is due.
Jordan got accepted at Harvard. They moved across the country last year.
Skylar got a warning from the Police to slow down and be cautious driving.
Casey and Tracy were playing around and Casey put Tracy's hands up while Casey tickled Tracy.
Lee grabbed a ladder. He knew he had a lot of work to do today at home.
Bailey smelt really bad after eating a sandwich that contained onions and garlic.
Remy began playing the piano because she wanted to learn how to.
Ash got home from their week long trip to the beach.
Alex would eventually pass others in the hierarchy through promotions and rewards.
Since the object was extra large, Addison paid the freight charge.
Lee ran into Quinn and apologized to them for the accident.
Bailey needed every cent to pay taxes and didn't cut the tenants any breaks.
Lee confronted the bullies and got kendall's bike back for her.
Addison grew up to be much more successful than the bullies at school.
Skylar asked Austin's boss if he could have the day off.
Riley bared their soul and let people see how they really felt.
Addison was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee called a spade a spade as he quoted a country song.
Taylor spent most of the day playing video games with their friends online.
Quinn gave Carson an idea for improving Carson's solution to the difficult problem.
Sasha was in the mood for some cookies. Sasha turned on the oven to start baking.
skylar was furious so she wanted to kill jan and get away with it.
Robin cleaned Tracy's house because Robin had to pay off a debt.
Remy had a dentist appointment that was too far away for them to walk to.
Addison loved his do so much, he scheduled it to the show with him.
Robin was able to go pro after they big win at the golf tournament.
Casey put the ride in motion.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay. Kai was so kind to them.
Tracy told Jan to take the lemonade, it was time to start the lemonade stand.
Remy kept to themselves a lot and didn't have friends. Remy played a lot of chess online.
Even though Taylor was trying to hide from them, Tracy found Taylor's class.
Sasha went to school and learned a lot of new skills there.
Sydney worked hard at their presentation they gave to the client. Sydney did an excellent job.
Kai knew these girls well, having gone to school together for years.
Remy read every book to prepare for the upcoming exam.
Jesse got picked for the local baseball team but Jesse was not very good at baseball.
Remy spent some money at the store for food.
Aubrey went mountain climbing all by herself to show her courage. She was placing her life at risk going alone.
Bailey started their business from scratch and made a lot of money.
Alex found a cat hiding in the alley.
Bailey washed Riley's face to help with her acne.
Ashe worked very well and was asked to join the team.
Riley enjoyed the party after having a couple drinks from the open bar.
Quinn was a salesperson trying to sell Robin a car so he gave her a small discount.
Tracy told Jan to take hold while they were walking down the stairs.
Kai was stuck out of town due the the blizzard so Taylor opened Kai's own store for her.
Kendall was starting to get angry and wanted an answer from Jan promptly.
Remy was always getting the top grades in his class. Remy knew everything there was to know.
Addison thought long and hard and decided to support Cameron's family decisions.
After getting a good night's rest, Cameron felt like a normal person and wanted to eat his favorite food, pasta.
Jordan was at Bailey's wife's birthday party. After the candles were blown out, Jordan asked Bailey's wife for a piece of cake.
Skylar took part in the movement and attended the protests in the park.
casey wanted to be a great musician so he practiced music every day.
Sasha sent her son to college in the fall of that year.
Robin gave her son a haircut and he really loved it and said thanks.
Casey told Lee the story about when Casey went to the store, it took hours to tell.
Tracy did not want to go to prom because they had nothing to wear.  Skylar advised Tracy to go.
Kendall is veyr interested in helping women to learn how to care for themselves and be healthy.
Alex set fire to the apartment building after getting angry with their landlord.
Alex opened their own store and started selling goods.
Kay found the culprit in the case of the missing purse.
Skylar sailed using the wind even though there had been many warnings about the danger of the storm.
Casey got her car through a very narrow pass while they were on a road trip.
Riley went to the cemetery to take flowers to his grandma, but he saw a ghost and run,  and told Taylor what he  had found.
Alex had been help for long enough, with some patience and ingenuity she managed to escape from Cameron's cage.
Kai kept Riley at a distance when Kai got sick with the chicken pox.
Remy met Alex's dog for the first time that day. Remy showed Alex's dog lots of love.
Ash brushed away a spider from his jacket and had to wash his hands.
Because Ash's brother misplaced Ash's computer, Ash complained to their mother.
Carson increased the value of what she had.
Sydney stayed the course even though they weren't sure if they could pass the class.
Remy began talking, and soon all the other people stopped and listened.
Jordan saw that one painting at the auction was valuable and he placed a bid for this item.
Lee told Kendall to keep a secret, but he was not sure he could trust her.
Cameron hit their brother. They did this whenever they could.
Riley drove to the nearest store because they were out of groceries.
Bailey got cancer and sadly died shortly after giving birth so as promisee Lee took Bailey's baby and raised it as their own.
Jordan explained another story.
kai was always on the lookout so he got the money off the ground.
Kendall decided to move to Bailey's house before college that summer semester.
Because Kendall and her family wanted to eat s'mores, Kendall helped to get the fire started.
Taylor met Alex halfway home and they went to the park.
Sasha was the first one to finish the marathon after training for months.
Austin had a business meeting that afternoon. Austin met the client's for lunch.
Remy set Lee up on a blind date. The person couldn't see anything past their ego.
Remy broke her leg playing soccer and started to hurt.
Robin jumped carelessly onto the bed, but broke Quinn's glasses on accident.
Jan got a new watch after they broke their old one.
Skylar took the kids home from the park that evening.
Robin saw a man panhandling on the street outside her apartment.
Aubrey controlled women's rights by giving a giant speech about how women are being oppressed.
Aubrey's garage was very cluttered. Aubrey cleaned and organized everything in the garage.
Jordan found Jan's slick back to be revolting in the extreme.
Lee went and talked to a therapist and decided it was worth his time to keep going.
A man asked Jordan if he could give him any money.
Addison told Cameron they were an idiot when they performed woefully at the presentation.
Lee drove Ash up the wall about not knowing the time for the important game that day.
Aubrey beat Quinn's brains out because Quinn cheated with her boyfriend onher.
Skylar really fancied Kendall and at an opportune moment Skylar tilted Kendall's head back. .
Jan went to Skylar's room after Skylar broke his new toy.
Ash needed help getting something from a high shelf. Ash made a request to the store.
Ash played a casual game of pickup baseball with all of his neighborhood friends.
Lee was tired of debating so he ended it.
Sydney wanted to watch a scary movie and eat popcorn and candy at the theater.
Robin looked up to Kendall as an expert in floral arrangement so she asked if she could share her knowledge.
Late that night before she went to bed, Sydney heard someone shouting in the alley outside their apartment.
Tracy gave Robin a hearing aide to see if that will help.
Skylar and Quinn were doing homework together. Skylar caught Quinn peeking at the homework she was doing.
Quinn is not very good at working with computers. The project Quinn is working on relies heavily on computers. Alex helps Quinn learn the computer.
Taylor put the money in the bank to pay his mortgage off for good.
Skylar robbed a bank but was caught and later shot and killed when trying to escape.
After he had not shown up on time three days in a row, Kai was laid off from his job.
Sydney told Tracey to tell a story when they were camping.
Skylar's parents were millionaires so Skylar is waited upon hand and foot.
Austin recently got a puppy and wanted to take care of it well.
Kendall increased their income by baking cakes and selling them at the Farmer's Market.
Jesse wanted to know what else needed to be done, so Sydney told Jesse they could do the yard work.
Austin called Casey's dad to tell him the good news about Casey.
Aubrey just got a new job but did not know any of their coworkers.
Carson went there every weekend until the restaurant closed its doors for good.
Tracy expressed Casey's love of people to the people in her class.
Alex lived in Cameron's house before getting kicked out for mail fraud.
Jordan spilled red wine all over the new white carpet at her friend's house.
kai was a reasonable person who was listened to so he put her life in perspective.
Sydney was homeless so they went into the cafe but never ordered anything so eventually the owner asked Sydney to leave.
Bailey made Jan's mom a scarf. It was a thoughtful and original gift.
Austin shot their load toward the sky and it took down the airplane with ease.
After they got into a fight with their father, Bailey told them to pull over and then walked the rest of the way to school.
Jesse pulled Kendall towards the amusement park ride but he was very scared.
according to the article Lee brought the murder case to a conclusion.
Remy wrapped Aubrey's arms around him in a loving and sweet embrace.
Taylor missed the bus and ended up having to walk home from school yesterday.
Lee recently lost his job. He was trying to find another job in oil and gas.
Cameron quit that job when she discovered that they didn't keep the machines up to code and it was dangerous.
Ash was begging to go to the store with Carson. Carson agreed to take Ash to the store.
Jan introduced Bailey to herbal medicine in hopes to improve Bailey's lives.
Valentina was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Roman was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy took their landlord to court and sued for the rent money.
Jesse brought home a new cat after finding it at the local shelter.
Remy was Tracy's best friend but still ultimately told Tracy's secret to everyone.
Kai went with Casey to see a new movie that was playing.
ash kept calling casey's phone and finally got a hold of him.
Skylar had resented Alex for a long time. Skylar told Alex how they felt.
Austin sold his shares on the market when the company went bankrupt.
Aubrey sung the song as loud as possible even though everybody hated it.
Alex took Kendall's favorite photo of their parents to the local printing shop.
Kai was showing Kendall how to perform a dance routine.
Bailey played the drums with her friend on the stage.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter after she found her on the street.
Austin went back to Carson after he went into the kitchen.
Carson wanted to touch Quinn after they quarreled about the movie to watch.
Austin imposed upon Kai the rules of the prison during their first day of incarceration.
Cameron gave some botox to the patient that asked for it recently.
Addison talked to Remy like that because Remy wanted to drop off school. Remy needed someone who make him understand.
Carson tore Jesse's eyes away with his brand new red sports car.
Jan sets up a home made items only, bake sale for her volleyball team. Everyone meets at Jan's house to bake items for the bake sale.
Carson was at work but began feeling ill and could not focus.
Addison write a letter to Skylar professing their love for Skylar.
Robin noticed that Lee did not have a lunch or money for lunch. Robin supplied Lee with food.
Remy established Taylor's organization and got the charity going by holding a fundraiser.
Robin could not sleep at night and ended up staying up watching films so of course in the morning Robin could not get up which meant that Robin started school late.
Sasha loved to watch Netflix her favorite shows were always dramas.
Jordan secretly laid eyes on Ash, his secret crush.
Jordan went out back and was getting in his car when he found Jan's keys.
Skylar ate a bunch of food because she was eating for two.
ash liked remy so she tapped his fingers.
Sydney was popping popcorn over the fireplace and Jordan wanted to see. Jordan got a little too close and Sydney turned his face away from the fire.
Alex was a king in a country with a million people. They governed every person.
Jesse told their parents last night about how she won the big game at the school.
Alex made Robin leave the play because they were mad at them.
Addison was upset over the dinner bill coming out incorrect, so Jesse avoided Addison and contacted the waiter to come over.
Bailey was an attentive caregiver, one of the best in the industry, he gently washed Riley's face.
Jan planted a garden in her backyard but gave up on it quickly after something went wrong.
Addison prevented the man from gaining any more weight on his body.
Jan's foolish behavior meant that people said Jan fell off the turnip truck.
Kendall bought a new mattress for her room because her old one was torn up.
Kai scared the crap out of Robin by accident when they were driving next to them.
Riley knew it was wrong to steal, but shoplifted the food because they were hungry.
Kendall washed up after dinner then sat down with a glass of wine with their family and watched a film.
Kendall challenged their mother to a contest after her mother said she was stronger than her.
Kendall just had a new baby after trying to conceive for 5 years.
Jesse had a soft heart and always helped the homeless when he had a chance.
Alex made Carson's inspection for them.
Jan had been away in another country studying so when Jan returned home at Christmas she went around and visited all her relatives.
Addison wanted to make sure that the problem got solved in the nick of time.
Skylar got Addison's attention back when Addison took conscience of her bad deeds and decided to change.
Quinn spent a lot of money on the Kai family in order to help them out of a bad spot.
Jan and her girlfriend Addison were at a concert together, and Jan put her hands on her Addison's hips.
Sydney went to the diner with some friends. Sydney never ordered anything when she went.
Riley started her first job and was really nervous to start.
Kai walked home from school because he hated taking the bus.
Sasha took their sibling to the library for a reading hour. They were read stories by clowns.
Alex was struggling with keeping organized so Skylar offered to assist.
Jan put the blanket on the bed and made it nicely fr her girlfrined.
Robin looked after their interests when they were unable to do so for themselves.
Kai retook the test after failing it the first time around.
Addison noticed that Austin didn't finish writing the song so she finished it for him.
Skylar finally admitted to Alex that they were in love with them and had been since grade school.
Remy saved up enough money to finally buy the dress she wanted.
Kai kept kendall's hands off the clothes because Kendall appeared to be poor and dirty.
Lee had more than he could take and sent his kids away.
Robin has ridden the bus to work every day, but it's shut down today for some reason.
Remy really trusted Sasha so when Remy was feeling overwhelmed or anxious, Sasha made decisions for Remy.
Bailey turned Aubrey away when Aubrey came to Bailey's door begging for help.
Ash overslept and was running late, so Cameron packed Ash's lunch.
Kendall made the ice cream all by them self.
Riley told Kendall that she would have trouble with getting to the soccer game.
Jan finally asked for a job after doing nothing for weeks.
Sasha received Taylor's share after Taylor got in trouble with others.
Jesse held back the curtain so that she could clean the shower in the guest bathroom.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree after Bailey sold the Christmas tree since plans were changed.
Skylar followed him everywhere because she liked him.
Ash assisted his friend in understanding of the very complicated math problems.
Skylar stood up from the table, where they were eating dinner, and grabbed Cameron's bag.
Sasha required Taylor's amount of pay or they were going to start looking for a new job.
Quinn attended their business meeting even though it was held at 10:00 p.m.
Kendall went to the library downtown and borrowed this cookbook to use for cooking.
Alex wanted to see a movie so he stopped and got a ticket on the way home.
Sasha firmly exerted the necessary pressure on the local government to get things done.
Lee went into the house and made sure to take his shoes off.
Jesse watched a horror movie with all of their friends one day.
Sasha separated the car into parts and listed each item individually for sale online.
Taylor had known Jesse all of her life and she had always thought well of him.
After working hard for months at the game, Carson eventually made it to the next level.
Austin recently got married and wanted to surprise his wife, so he got a puppy to bring home.
Taylor gave Lee's son food and it was a burger with some fries.
Cameron saw Ash using his phone in class and took it away.
Sasha just started a new job and didn't get paid for a while. Kendall paid Sasha's cable bill for her.
Taylor was helping Sasha get ready for pictures. Taylor pushed Sasha's hair back out of her face.
Tracy was a drug addict and mugged Kai for their jewelry and purse.
Casey was at a meeting and desperately wanted to say something but in the end just wasnt able to do so.
Bailey threw things after her mother told her she could not have a party.
Alex was known as a good student who enjoyed going to school.
Ash made a good impression at their job interview and felt confident about getting the job.
Alex threw Austin a surprise party for landing the star role in the play.
Ash finally found some peace for Alex after helping him solve the problem.
Remy sold Carson's jacket at a reasonable price after buying it for a low price.
remy sat quietly in my coffee shop thinking about their decision of what job to choose.
Taylor impressed upon Casey the rules of the game so he would know them.
Jesse spent their free time studying and learned a lot.
Quinn saw Skylar soon and they both talked about the weather that day.
Taylor acted as Remy's agent, and it wasn't long before Remy became a movie star.
Riley washed their dishes that have been there in a big pile.
Skylar wanted to take the offensive playing football but his shoes were untied.
Austin took some drinks with their friends and got very drunk at the bar.
Kai came quick and fast after Sasha allowed him to have sex with her.
Bailey searched high and low for her chemistry book from school.
Auber needed advice on what to get her husband for Christmas, and got advice from her male coworker Taylor.
Sydney kept a close watch on her daughter and it paid off when she almost got hit by a car but Sydney was their to save her.
Skylar told everyone how Alex felt, even though Alex didn't want them to know.
Addison hug their mom after she made them dinner.
Ash bought some modern furniture for his new condo he recently got.
Sasha went to the modeling agency and they accepted her fine application.
Robin is a good parent.  He is supportive of his kids.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye after getting hit in the back with the ball one last time.
Because they were worried about their car breaking down on the long drive to their new job, Kendall erred on the side of caution and looked into other options instead.
Bailey put the money up and then Bailey and Ash were able to start their own business making cake and buns.
Casey rendered every image after the government mayor quick downloading the movies.
Lee helped their friend change a tire in the middle of the road that day.
Quinn gave Austin detention so they would learn a lesson about what they did.
Sasha has a huge test tomorrow and spent the whole day and night studying in their room.
Riley and their friends are on a camping trip but the fire is getting very small and looks like it is going to go out soon which means they will all get too cold.
Remy expressed her regret loudly becuase they were very upset at the outcome of the game.
Remy went to school early to study. Remy had a long day at school.
Sydney wanted something to go with lunch so they ate fruit.
Remy went to a funeral for a friend where people expressed their sympathy for the friend's family.
Casey never followed anyone because they are independent and follow no one.
Robin took Kai out for a nice dinner and a movie.
Cameron kept Skylar busy so that they could work on a gift for their family.
Jesse and Riley are neighbors separated by a fence. Jesse was driving out when he unintentionally killed Riley's animal.
Cameron got home to find that the dog was throwing up in the house. Cameron took their dog to the veterinarian.
Alex cleaned Sasha's car so that she could sell it to someone else.
Jan offered cupcakes to the students after they all got good grades on their tests.
Although Robin wished to remain at the party for a while longer, Kai needed to leave and didn't have a ride so Robin took Kai home.
Addison went home. They had nothing to do.
Lee had been feeling down lately so Remy decided to try to make Lee feel better.
Jan answered the questions correctly and within the test time limit.
Lee arrived on time.  They were able to eat dinner with their family.
Robin surprised their mother by telling her mother that she is pregnant.
Remy brought the family together for the holidays because they hadn't seen each other all year.
Bailey needed every vote she could get in order to win the election.
Lee gave Bailey proof of admission into the big movie that night.
Cameron felt a little bit better after seeing their doctor at the hospital.
Kai pulled their money together to buy Mortal Kombat 11 for PS4.
Aubrey bought a gift card and gave it away as a gift for someone else.
carson liked to help jordan so he pulled some lint from jordan's pockets.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a kiss because he had a secret crush on her.
Cameron ended their career at 40 and moved to Florida to enjoy warm climate.
Kai stumbled and  fell into the muddy drainage ditch and called someone for help.
Skylar came into the force on Tracy and they duked it out for a few hours.
Tracy wanted to hear that so they listen very carefully.
Kai played paintball because it was fun and entertaining.
Sydney made extra money. She took on a second job hoping it would help.
Sasha gave the flowers to Cameron's mother for her birthday.
Skylar kept Sasha in a bad condition, so Skylar could continue to control them.
Skylar reached Aubrey's room after walking upstairs in the house.
Tracy had lived such a glamorous lifestyle so Bailey wrote Tracy's life in a book.
Aubrey was visiting in Dallas, and it was one hundred degrees at noon.
While it was hard being an exchange student far from home, Jesse loved Aubrey's family.
Kai shot a deer and was upset when he saw it suffering.
Bailey was struggling with severe depression, and rather than help, Riley kicked Bailey when they are down.
Trying to unlock the door, Jan struck every key into the knob.
When Alex's cat ran away from home, Remy posted flyers around the neighborhood.
Skylar hit Kai's city game with the toy car by mistake last week.
Alex pulled Addison's head back when it had fallen forward when she fell asleep.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper the secret very softly.
Robin often felt emotions from book so deeply, so after the passing of her cat Robin found solace in words.
A few days before Christmas Eve, Jordan went Christmas shopping for their children.
Jordan liked to spend the weekends in his room. Jordan loved to play video games.
Taylor saved the patient's tooth since kids like to leave them for the tooth fairy.
Jan drove into a group of pedestrians, and Jan struck everyone.
Skylar found the right one after looking all day.
Jesse had just worked all day on a construction site.
Kendall closed the door after Sydney left, but Sydney had forgotten something at Kendall's house.
Riley had a big birthday party and gave candy to Tracy.
Addison was busy all day and didn't have time to eat. She found some leftovers in the fridge. Addison ate the tacos that were left.
Aubrey was always trying to spend time with me even when I wanted time to myself, she went to my friends house to see me.
Sasha wanted to take a trip to the park. Sasha persuaded the kids to join.
Addison got on with their work after taking a break.
After hiring Jordan to lead the new marketing department, Ash implemented Jordan's suggested program.
Taylor read online articles. Taylor liked to read often.
Kendall banged her head when her and Tracy were laughing together.
Aubrey brought snacks to share with the other people at the party.
Lee got his phone back and all the apps have been deleted.
Robin explained his situation to the teacher and was allowed to leave school.
Sasha listened to their mom and did everything that she asked of them.
After giving a lecture to survivors, Sydney affected a young lady's attitude.
Kendall was hurt too badly from Kent rejecting her proposal that she cried all night.
Alex received a letter from the government saying that he won an award.
Jesse took the wallet from Kai's hands when he was looking away and distracted, the wallet had a lot of money and important documents.
Cameron was able to sell Sasha's house for a great price.
Parker was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney told Bailey's grandma she always wanted to be in a parade.
Quinn was a manager and thought his employees could handle the task.
Taylor put the phrase another way and talked down to everyone so that they would feel stupid.
kendall was an inexperienced cook so she burned the turkey.
He picked her up from school because she complain a rash on her arm.
jesse knew a woman who owed a lot of money to his employer so he called her kids.
Carson led Jan through life as seen in the movie that the class students watched.
Lee and Jordan were on a second date and, because Lee was in love with Jordan, he was staring into her eyes while she spoke.
Taylor unlocked their car and found food all over the floor because of the friends they had loaned the car to for the weekend.
Riley ignored all of the warnings about the tsunami from their family, so Riley was washed away.
Bailey took a train to visit family and had a big lunch for that day.
austin needed to know what clothes to buy so he measured cameron.
taylor was here to help so he increased bailey's understanding.
Sasha had to represent herself in court. Sasha pled their case.
Taylor affected Carson's ability to think, because Carson had the hots for Taylor and got distracted.
Kai took Riley's kids yesterday to the park to play some frisbee.
according to the article Remy showed what Remy is made of.
Addison heard their name called then immediately stood up at attention.
Tracy wanted to give their partner an apology gift. Tracy gave them a puppy.
Skylar lost Kai's power when she abused it to try and get things she wanted for free.
Jan was listening to them and heard Austin's mother's yell.
Robin called the guilty parties to repentance for the crimes they committed.
Skylar saved his father's medals from WWII to show his friends.
Sydney made it special for the others who really enjoyed their time with her.
After Sasha got her grades back her parents grounded her. She would not be going on the trip.
Addison took Jan's husband, to the mall Christmas shopping, with them.
Jesse called out of school and played video games with their friends instead.
Tracy issued Riley the court's order to stay away from her.
Robin anxiously awaited their turn to get their flu shot, since they were afraid of needles.
Jesse saw a person burning alive and it was very traumatic.
Sydney was volunteering to build a house, and they did an excellent job yesterday.
Ash arranged Kai's books in the correct order on the shelf.
Jesse nickled and dimed things because they needed to save money to survive.
Because their elderly neighbor had fallen down and broken their leg, Tracy took out the garbage.
Seeing that Ash was feeling left out, Carson told Ash their story.
austin needed some new clothes so he bought a brand new shirt.
Aubrey had the floor cleaned before her holiday party.
Although reluctant, Casey understood clearly the things that needed to be done to protect the mob boss.
Kendall went against the grain and did what they thought was right.
Jan bought a coffee for her friend who was very tired.
Addison put Addison's hands on Jesse's hips.
Taylor saw Alex at the mall and said hello to her.
Taylor opened the door for their friend Ash and they walked in.
Addison felt a hand on her shoulder. It made her jump a little bit.
Tracy was leaving the theater when she ran into an old friend.
Kendall grew tired while running to practice for an upcoming marathon.
Kendall kissed Quinn's neck after they got back from a date.
Alex turned back to Kendall after they got into a fight.
After years of therapy and playing sports, Cameron finally made a lot of new friends.
Aubrey gave Skylar the time she needed to study for her test.
Kai was a big prankster, so they scarred the crap out of Robin.
Austin went to their home thermostat and they raised it by a single degree.
After a long day at work, Casey finally  bought food in the store. She has been procrastinating it since last week.
Sydney lost Quinn on the trail and listened for his voice to be able to find him again.
After a long da at work, Jordan took his little brother to the store to get new pants.
Bailey had a huge crush on Kendall. Bailey took Kendall to the movies.
Whenever Robin's elderly neighbor needed help with chores, Robin would help.
Jan filled the bucket up completely with soap and water .
Casey herded all of the cats into the large kennel at the Humane Society after they'd all escaped.
Remy knew everything about the subject after researching it thoroughly.
Jesse took his first steps and getting a good Job.
Tracy heard a knock on their door in the mid night with big snow storm outside.
Riley was in a rush to class. Riley pushed Casey's fingers in the door jam.
Kai went on a long run in the woods. They slept well that night.
Kendall was difficult to get to know, but Bailey managed to establish relations with Kendall.
Addison ate just about everything but tonight Addison ate tacos.
Robin just moved to town and didn't start school till after the year had begun.
Jordan worked hard all day then came near Quinn last night.
taylor was a powerful wizard so she sucked up all the good in favor of evil.
Sasha was grading papers and read Quinn's work.
Sasha spent an hour waiting for the pizza to be delivered.
Tracy had to take the SATs on Saturday and spent the whole week studying.
Carson started dating Aubrey and was so happy he purchased a ring.
Jordan found Jan's wallet in her home.
Perhaps loving the pizza too much, Aubrey got a stomach ache and had to go to the bathroom.
Sydney never saw Taylor because Taylor decided they did not like Sydney anymore.
Kai thought it would be funny and lift Jan's spirit if he pulled a prank on Jan, but it ended up really pissing her off instead.
kai was surrounded by gang members so kai had to fight his way out.
Bailey entertained her friends and made them happy.
Sasha sent Alex a message about what time to meet her for lunch.
Austin hung paintings on the wall today to prepare for his mother coming to town.
Carson had named their baby Bailey in a hurry. But later changed name because they had found a better sounding name.
A book got passed to the worker to determine how long it was. Carson assisted the worker in determining the length of it.
Lee made their bed and lied in it until he fell asleep.
Skylar has been gaining weight, her friend mentions noticing the weight gain. Skylar laughs and says she has been eating for two.
Lee had been acting up a lot in Lee's class at school.
Carson gave Riley an idea about how to solve the problem at work.
Kai pressed Skylar's lips together as Kai pressed their own lips against Skylar's.
Riley finished digging a hole which was for the plants she wanted in her garden.
Jan pushed the gas pedal of her car to the floor.
Sasha lived their whole life in one place. That is rather sad to waste one's life that way.
Kai also picked a game to play for tonight's party.
Addison gave the dog food because it was hungry and needed to eat.
Remy reached the Earth's equator after several days at sea.
Despite receiving many warnings from the party planner, Sydney let slip about the surprise party while talking to their coworker.
Sydney accidentally left her food at home and had no lunch.
Casey was taking risks and was driving their car unsafely when they got in an accident.
Jan went on a hot air balloon ride and got an amazing view of the city below.
Robin worked in the police force and was called in for overtime as a march was happening.  Robin and their colleagues prevented the protesters from passing to save any disturbances happening.
Taylor considered the capacity of the audience to see the magic trick he was doing on the stage.
Knowing this was the last time they will ever see each other, Kai looked back to Alex.
Quinn rushed to the car to help Robin after the accident. Robin took Quinn's hand and climbed out of the car.
Jesse called Carson's friend to find out if they might like to go to the zoo with them.
Carson bought some brand new clothes for his son to wear to the party.
Taylor payed Kendall a visit at work to find out the states in the new development.
Addison was very sick in bed, so  Jan went to Addison's friend's house.
Sasha went to high school for four years. Sasha graduated from high school.
Ash was playing around and tickled Kendall's fancy dog.
Aubrey missed Riley's opportunity because she did not hear the phone.
Jesse committed himself to Sydney's care and was not sorry about it.
Remy put all of their eggs in their own basket rather than putting it in the same basket.
Casey heard his mother's voice after she had been dead for many years.
Quinn let his car outside so it could play in the yard.
Kai split their sides with a joke and had to sit down to recover from the immense laughter.
One day Sasha was working with her friend Aubrey. Sasha asked if Aubry would take Sasha's mom to work because their car was in for repairs.
Kendall hired Addison to help sell cookies. Addison put Kendall's ideas into action.
Jan took advantage of the situation when things got crazy.
Cameron raised the roof on the new house construction project with a large crane.
Even though Alex was simply another player, one day the running back decided to deviate from the play to disrupt the game.
Lee laughed together with their mother while watching the movie.
Quinn knew were were missing our firends and parents and Quinn surprised us with a party and she invited all of our friends.
Quinn could not pass any homework or test in his physics class.
Skylar heard a voice in her head saying her husband was having a seizure. Skylar decided to drive home.
Sydney made it special for him and they both remembered the day forever.
Jordan learned the song by heart so he could sing it to his family.
Lee met Carson in person yesterday and had a great time talking about the weather.
Ash held back his hair as he leaned over the soup to smell it.
Jordan inherited their father's height and had to watch himself while walking into doors.
Sasha was cold so she turned off the air conditioner and turned on the heater.
Kendall drove fast after noticing that the police were close behind.
Austin is a veterinarian visiting a famous zoo.
Casey was trying to do an experiment. Casey used Austin's scientific procedure to see if it would help.
Skylar was making Jordan feel uncomfortable, so Jordan pushed themselves away from Skylar.
Kendall was about to skydive for the first time, so she took in a deep breath.
Quinn patiently gave the troublesome student Riley a quality education.
Robin gave Casey a blow horn but Casey did not know how to use it.
Bailey always made bad decisions on their own, so this time Bailey asked their friend for advice.
Robin baked a cake all day and made other desserts as well.
Tracy came within sight of the group walking out of the woods.
Jan started a blog. she needed to improve the business she was in.
Kendall told Sydney's mom about the stranger he saw lurking around their house.
Cameron asked Jan's roommate for advice because they were confused.
Aubrey took a big bite out of an apple she just bought and it was rotten.
After Jesse collapsed unexpectedly, Lee knelt next to Jesse to see if Jesse was okay.
Aubrey found bodies in Addison's house and immediately phone the police to report the killer's identity.
Kai sat on Ash's bed and scooted closer to Ash so they were within touching distance.
Remy drove across town to grab a bite to eat at their favorite restaurant.
Aubrey educated their children to be respectful of others and to not cause people trouble.
Casey was new at the school, she really wanted to fit in so he joined a club.
Quinn made Alex straighten up and did better, thereby turing him around.
Sasha gave Addison assistance. It was easy to help them out.
Jan decided to put her thoughts into words by writing a letter to her friend that she was upset with.
Casey urged Jan to take action and fight for her right to protest.
Kendall brought Jesse's hands together and taught him how to do the school cheer.
Skylar followed Cameron around the shopping center last night.
Robin had been working both her and her friends shifts at work while her friend was sick. She was exhausted when she came home from work.
Robin left the store after purchasing everything on the list and staying within budget.
Lee helped to solve Sasha's problem with the leak in her basement that morning.
Addison got Quinn in a trademark trap and stole his invention from him.
Alex eased their pain by treating the wounds and answering their questions.
Kai's neighbour won the lottery and bought the most amazing ferrari and Kai coveted their car.
Sasha was making measurements to make some clothes for some friends.
Sydney thanked their boss for Sasha's assistance with doing the files for work.
Sydney became the same as Jan in the end after they both got a promotion.
Ash borrowed one dollar for the new soda machine.
Austin opened Tracy's mouth wide and inserted his tooth tools.
aubrey was hungry so he made a sandwich and ate it.
Riley was good at their job. They were always on top of things. Riley served their boss well.
Taylor got the note back and it had a lot of funny jokes on it.
Taylor used her best manners when she politely asked for the time.
Jan gave Kai's husband a hug and kiss on the lips.
jesse was a reasonable person so he made sure to thank bailey's friends for the support.
Taylor took the car away from her daughter as punishment for doing wrong.
Ash was giving a speech in front of an audience to run for office. Alex supported Ash's view on it.
Cameron was walking and passed by Jesse on the sidewalk.
Addison hired and fired them when they were doing a bad job at work.
Cameron checked Aubrey's watch, even though he had his own watch on his arm.
Ash came home late from the game that night. Ash spent the next day sleeping.
Jan wrote a new song. Jan put the music into words.
Carson took weeks off from work to spend money at a big casino.
Jan was very overweight and due to medical issues her doctor advised her she needed to cut back on her food intake.
Sasha spend a bunch of money on books for her studying.
Riley had anger issues and promised the others he would get help.
Remy paid Kendall back right away after borrowing a lot of money.
Lee found out that Skylar had not been honest, so Lee turned Skylar's affections away.
Sydney made the cake special for the birthday party.
Sasha calmly helped everyone get through the door quickly when the fire alarm started going off.
As Austin entered the restaurant he knew exactly what to eat for dinner that night.
Kendall got milk for all their friends so they could have it with their snacks.
While Skylar was walking home from work they accidently got caught in the fence by their coat and they ripped a hole in the sleeve.
Cameron put out their hand on the animal to comfort it.
Robin was finally old enough to go to big school and was very excited Robin started with their best friend.
Once Cameron started working with Austin, Cameron would make fun of Austin all day.
Riley was diagnosed with cancer and Kendall quit her job in order to provide Riley with an improved quality of life in his last year at home.
Taylor provided counseling for the children who had been psychologically abused by their father.
Ash risked Jordan's life by letting him play with fireworks he knew were defective.
Jesse told Lee's story about his past without getting permission from Lee first.
jan was stubborn and wanted the cactus out the way so she kicked it.
It was their friends birthday and Taylor baked a cake special for him.
Carson was trying to be quiet in the quiet room but accidently made a noise.
Tracy took some medicine that the doctor gave her and felt a lot better.
Skylar is attending a party at an exclusive club. It's hard to get into and has a very strict dress code.
Taylor got all the ingredients together and layered the pasta together in the pan.
After the windfall from the lawsuit came in, Alex had so much money.
After spending months looking for a place to live, Alex finally found a house.
After taking a bath, Jordan was sparkling clean.
Riley hurt other people's feelings by being rude.
Riley used Remy's words to explain in more detail how they were feeling.
Taylor worked as a nurse in the local hospital and noticed a patient was feeling very down so Taylor spent extra time with the patient to try to cheer them up.
Ash used a model to represent the story of his family tree.
Carson made sure his friends choose the destination he wants to go to. Carson always got their way.
Sydney did not like the glasses Aubrey was wearing and made fun of her.
Cameron ate the pizza  while she was watching a movie with Taylor.
Sasha became a model for a local modellling agency and was chosen to be the face of Vogue.
Remy got the job after searching for a long time.
Casey wanted to relax after work. Casey got a bath started and made some tea.
Jesse brought Tracy along to the big party at the cafe in town.
Cameron passed Taylor law books so she could read them.
Sasha worked for aubrey and owed a lot of her success to him.
Kendall decided to go to a new city to get a better job for themselves.
Taylor gave Austin the opportunity to come clean about all the lies they'd been telling.
Cameron was crying and Alex walked up and kissed her.
Carson is trying to remove Quinn's tooth at home. Carson chips Quinn's tooth with a hammer.
Remy brought Skylar together with him to the professional baseball game one afternoon.
Bailey loves playing football, but he didn't make the high school team even though the coach is his father. Bailey has many friends that live in his neighborhood. He decides to try to set up a game with his friends so that he can play football after school.
After the intruder stole Jordan's wallet, Jordan ran after him and got his wallet back.
Bailey returned to her country when her new visa was denied.
Remy lost contact with her mom after a silly fight that escalated.
Cameron did their job well and was proud of their work.
Kendall played a lead role, as she typically does, that night in the play.
Cameron tries to help other people because Cameron provided food to families.
By giving Lee a large loan, Austin drastically improved Lee's situation.
Ash put camping gear in the car so she could spend the weekend in the woods by herself.
Sydney used their sewing machine to make a quilt for the homeless children she met.
Carson joined their husband when they went on vacation together one summer.
The food at the wedding was spectacular, with many complicated and delicious dishes, and all the guest agreed that Bailey was a good cook.
Jan drove Alex around his neighborhood and showed him some road signs.
Sydney liked her work and was committed to the company.
Jan helped Cameron's family after their house burned down.
Jordan finished his artwork earlier in the day so he decided to create another craft for his mom.
Riley stopped teasing Lee after she saw how upset and hurt they were.
Addison ate some tacos but wasn't supposed to eat meat.
Sydney picked Jordan's favorite restaurant to take him for his birthday dinner.
Tracy examined every element of the drink and concluded it was safe.
Carson made the team though and won a lot of awards because of her skill.
Jan was literally dying of thirst, so Addison filled Jan's mouth with water.
Kai needed to be home before dark. Tracy made sure Kai was home in time.
It was a long walk to Addison's house so Sydney met Addison halfway.
While watching the scary movie in the theater, Kai sat clinging tightly to the chair.
after several failed attempts lee was finally expecting a baby.
jesse bought groceries with the money they stole from other people in the neighborhood.
Kai defined Casey's clothes in the article in the fashion magazine when she was interviewed.
skylar was a generous person so she took everyone out to lunch.
Carson was going into labor and was having many hard contractions.
Casey filled Sydney's heart when they got them a special gift.
Aubrey got her a birthday present and a kiss.
Taylor practiced singing every night because she wanted to be the best.
Sydney took her friend out for a dinner to make them feel better.
Riley was having trouble seeing out his left eye. Riley saw the eye doctor about it.
Casey Gave Remy directions to the dog park quite clearly.
sasha went to a new school but ended up meeting new people.
Cameron gave Casey a drink from the open bar.
Skylar was always the first to class because she loved school so she arrived extra early and took a seat in the front row.
Kendall avoided going over another speed bump to fast after scapeing the car on the last one.
Robin knew that Alex had a lot going on and was too shy to mention it.
Tracy spent too much time on studying for good grades and was late for work.
Sasha tested every seal on the new window that she put into her house.
Jesse is a famous writer known for telling great stories.
Skylar played games frequently with a group of their friends in the park.
Robin was better than the other salesmen on the team. Robin cast a shadow over everyone.
Riley was a great nurse, just by being there he seemed to ease Tracy's pain.
Candle made Casey's application for Target after she asked her for help.
After seeing he was in last place, Lee quickly began running.
Austin made Addison an announcement because he wanted to help her out.
Ash caught Jesse stealing and gave her the eye.
Remy and Alex are in a band together. For their next gig, Remy invited all of Alex's friends to watch.
Lee's dog ran away. Lee exhausted every resource trying to find her.
Austin ate nothing all day and then went to gym when they got home they were famished.
Bailey was not careful while using the new glue gun she ordered for her crafts class. Bailey burnt their fingers.
Jesse saw what the problem was with her car, the engine was smoking.
Taylor is a dog sitter, and one day Taylor took Kendall's dog on a walk.
Addison visited the pet store as it was about to close in half an hour.
Quinn got a slushy maker for Christmas so Quinn put ice in the machine.
Aubrey made Kendall's bed because Kendall was in a rush to go to the airport.
Sydney ended the day exausted and hungry yesterday.
With his group running out of time to complete the task, Cameron provided an answer for understanding the problem.
Sydney changed horses in midstream to a more durable and reliable horse.
Lee wanted a new hobby and then they learned to knit.
After a long day at work, Kendall helped her mom to clean the whole house.
After finally buying the new SUV that they had been dreaming of, Sasha showed Kai's daughter their car.
Alex immediately fell on the skates after he put them on.
Jesse took their girlfriend out to dinner after working and saving money for this evening.
Taylor had always had a lot of influence on Aubrey, so no one was surprised when Taylor led her to join the army.
Taylor wanted to call Lee's mom but realized she left her phone in the car.
Sasha told Quinn to meet up with them at the mall after school.
Remy talked his parent into letting him go to the party.
Ash got Cameron's mom the perfect present just in time for the party.
Sasha set the record right to avoid any misunderstandings  like the last time.
Austin gave candy to people around him at school because he got too much at his birthday.
Taylor treated Carson badly and left her stranded in the middle of the night.
according to the article Quinn brought me to the hospital.
Kai found the culprit that was killing off his chickens and it was a sly fox.
Kendall read the letter Riley sent in aloud to the group. Kendall shared Riley's thoughts.
taylor was a considerate person so he raised sydney's issue.
Taylor put the story another way so the students will have better understanding.
Kendall prevented Sydney attempting to jump from the bridge after Sydney found out that her son died.
Cameron asked Tracy if they could help them move to a brand new house.
Sasha expected Riley to attack once in order to show that she could defend herself from others.
Quinn finally confessed his true feelings of love for Cameron after school.
Alex made money mowing lawns. His mom, Bailey, made him deposit every dollar in his account.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with grief when she told her how she felt.
Austin was a great speaker and the convocation and enlightened all of the spectators.
Ash understood another reason the students couldn't concentrate was because of the nice weather ourside.
Casey called security after she was continued to be followed.
Austin wanted candy so they went to the candy store the next day.
Austin made a lot of money when he went to the gold mine.
Jan went to the store to buy some vegetables for the dinner they were making.
Remy rubbed Riley's hands with the hand sanitizer.
Taylor led Riley far away, so they can enjoy the forest all by themselves.
She had learned a ton in culinary school, Aubrey finished garnishing their breakfast.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to speak on command.
Skylar didn't want anyone else to hear, and tilted Kendall's head back slowly to whisper the huge secret.
Sydney received some medicine for the cold she gave Riley so she gave her some medicine.
In order to pass the aviation test Robin acquired knowledge from Kendall.
Ash took the game into their own hands by paying off the referees.
Quinn brought home dinner after finishing a project at work that night.
Carson asked my mom if we could get married.
Sydney wanted to see their friends and invited them over to their house.
Cameron turned Jesse's eyes away after they witnessed a bad car accident.
Addison was so tired she had a great night sleep that night.
Jan took Jesse's dog for a walk because it needed one.
Casey want to be friend's with Taylor, but Taylor doesn't like Casey. So Taylor left Casey alone.
Addison worked hard all day and slept well that night.
Quinn increased the teams chance of winning by practicing a lot.
Cameron took Ash to get some ice cream in the downtown section of the city.
Riley understood the ambiguity around Quinn and felt more informed when they got a chance to get to know each other.
Taylor decorated their Christmas tree real fast and sloppy so he could go play football with his friends.
Alex kept the dog under control while it was barking.
Sydney read Austin the riot act after he left the door open all night.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend yes when he asked if Riley had cheated.
Cameron took money from his boss and his paycheck.
Taylor wanted to do things his own way and told Jesse to find another partner.
Bailey did not bring their homework.  Bailey discussed this problem in detail.
Jesse played some games with their friends at game night that week.
Carson saved money and moved to a new home he really liked.
Taylor ate right because she wanted to fit into a new bikini.
Skylar got a wiggle on and realized people were watching her.
Jordan set his friend free from jail because he was very nice to him.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt at goal and that led to Kendall winning the game.
Lee made everyone dinner and it was the best dinner of all time.
Austin reached their goals without much effort. They were good at what they did.
Jordan reproduced his idea in this book so that he could keep track of it forever.
Tracy gave their son a puppy for their birthday, along with a dog bowl and food.
remy was an idiot so she posted her status on social media.
Alex kept the crowd under control so that they could spend time with others.
Aubrey pulled Remy apart from the other girl before a fight started over a boy.
Robin helped Austin get in the environment he wanted.
Remy knew Aubrey best and just knew that Aubrey had cheated in the game of tennis.
Ash went home with his friend Casey after school so they could play football.
kendall wanted to have a great birthday party for her friend so she bought the cake.
Sydney was relived and future endeavored at their job after a decision was made.
Jesse went potty in the portable toilet.
Riley saw that the prices had increased by 15%. Riley left the store.
Jesse made Remy really happy by asking her to the prom.
Alex was quick to help everyone when they suffered a natural disaster.
Sasha owed to Aubrey's position a new deal in getting more money made.
Quinn attended their business open house after making a ton of money in the stock market.
Sydney told Remy that he did not want to mess with her at all.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from the game the other day since his mom had to work.
Robin wore women's shoes for many years before discovering she preferred the feel of mens shoes.
Alex was failing her paper and asked Addison for help. Addison gave Alex assurance.
Quinn worked nights in order to afford to feed her family.
Quinn went through hell getting the reservation but finally got it for nighttime.
Kendall finished the long book in a surprisingly short amount of time.
Bailey knew Robin was right but argued with her anyway.
Casey performed Jan's duty because she was sick.
Riley took the puppy for a walk after bringing it home from the shelter.
bailey saw a mother bear and her cubs so she immediately ran.
Aubrey was new at stocks and decided to invest in an established company.
Skylar was given very specific instructions, and ultimately met their requirements.
Sasha who wanted to steal Aubrey's business model, determined that Aubrey's customer base was young.
Taylor needed a student loan. Robin assisted by cosigning for Taylor.
Alex became impatient and started the dishes themself.
Jan finally found it in the washroom sink.
Riley was always a strict librarian, he gave no one access to the restricted section.
Kendall went outside to play and though warm, he wore shoes.
Tracy paid Taylor homage after his 60 anniversary.
Taylor kissed their girlfriend at their wedding in front of their friends and family.
After a long day of playing together, Kendall challenged their friend to a contest.
Lee wanted to talk to Carson about a business opportunity. Lee met Carson in person.
Ash was only truing to pet it, but Ash tickled Kendall's fancy dog.
Riley got the mail and there wasn't anything good in it.
Robin held a four leaf clover and to receive good luck because she loves the leave because when she was younger her parents gave her them.
Alex brought his dog along while they were jogging.
Remy taught the pet to think for themselves when they were training them.
Addison implemented Jan's system in order to be organized.
Kendall got my money the other day to pay for the school dance tickets for next week.
Kendall cooked lunch for Riley's family while they were on vacation.
Casey was the best gift Ash had ever gotten and they made sure to tell Ash every day how much they cared for Ash.
Carson raised it to his lips. He didn't know that the glass had a poison in it.
Remy took Skylar money so that they could be able to get a new laptop.
kai saw a bear walking toward him so he took every precaution.
Sasha gave Remy a warm reception when they visited there home.
Alex told Tracy she was pregnant after having had a one night stand months ago.
Austin held Riley's arms because he is a physical therapist and want to help him get better.
Cameron told someone a secret about the murder that happened last night.
Casey reached the top of the mountain they were climbing after climbing all day.
Carson held the old book together as he deeply read its contents.
Skylar attended a concert for the first time and it was very fun.
Bailey got home from work and finally managed to get their bedroom in order.
Ash acknowledged with thanks the gift. It was kind and thoughtful.
Sydney called the school to pick Bailey up since Bailey had a dentist appointment.
Tracy found Taylor's class on the first day of school.
Kendall got my money off the table and snagged the keys to my car. She whistled, and the rest of my children followed her out the door.
Bailey visited her grandmother this weekend before going to hang out with friends.
Jordan called a repairman in the hopes that they would arrive before the basement was completely flooded.
Bailey borrowed her mom's jacket so she burnt a hole in the pocket with a cigar.
Tracy was invited by Austin to have dinner with their parent.  Tracy entered Austin's father's house.
Robin was out shopping and picked lots of items then Robin took the clothes to the counter.
Jan will never see Sasha again after Jan was lost in a blizzard.
Ash received his education and was anxious to apply for jobs.
Remy and Alex were on a date. Remy showed Alex's dog lots of love but didn't pay much attention to Alex.
Jesse feeds Alex's cat after Alex is in a car accident and is stuck in the hospital.
Jordan returned to Sydney's car with the food they ordered.
Robin saved Skylar's ring when she found it sitting on the sink.
Bailey took their dog to the dog park and the dog got off the leash.
Austin looked Sydney straight in the eye and proceed to lie about every single thing.
Remy looked up the number and called the restaurant to place an order.
Taylor drove to Las Vegas to go to the Neil Diamond concert.
Riley was born in an organized crime family. Ever since Riley can remember they defied every law.

Prompt word count: 4.
Remy reduced his shed to rubble to get rid of it.
Lee talked too much, often giving long winded answers to the simplest of questions.
Sasha wanted to do well in my class, so Sasha did their best to learn my lesson.
Ash told Mike about their plan to break into the bank after hours and steal the money.
Riley understood Sasha's presentation well and gave a long clap for her good job.
Bailey killed the ant with a stone after he was bitten by the red ant.
Austin dug their own grave when they lied constantly to the manager about his work experience and got found out.
Robin sowed his oats with all the women he met.
Bailey made Austin enemy angry by throwing punches at them and screaming.
We indicated the clearly the topic after teaching the kids for an hour and a half.
Tracy adopted a child last week. Now she wants to be a lovely and dedicated mom with that new child. Tracy is still thinking about the child´s name.
Casey committed to Addison's charge in order to keep everyone safe.
Sasha flicked Jesse's tongue with her own as she held Jesse close.
Kai prevented the fish from passing by blocking the small stream with rocks and pebbles.
Jan had worked very hard but despite her best effort she only came in second place.
After having a genie pop into her room, Kai found out they could make a wish. They wished for lots of pretty things and a few exciting things.
Austin sold their crops in the market.  They needed to feed their family.
Sasha ordered pizza for dinner and got their favorite toppings.
Taylor pursued the object farther and would not give up until it was reached.
Jordan controlled their behavior because they don't like to be one to cause trouble.
Sasha gave Robin the address to the party so that she would come on time.
Sydney went wild. It was caught on video.
Taylor realized they were out of bread so they went to the store to get more.
To get the money he needed to pay his other bills, Carson sold their cars at prices lower than recommended.
Bailey went to bed early because they were feeling sick. Bailey slept very well.
Taylor explored the city with her friends on the vacation.
Cameron took the train to another city and had a great time seeing the sites there.
Taylor started a relationship with a cute guy they met.
remy was a good friend so he gave ash this opportunity.
addison had nothing better to do so he became roommates with the guys.
Riley caught a cold in the rain. They didn't bring an umbrella.
Sydney liked the band and decided to bring them to her wedding.
Robin went to the grocery store and bought some makeup for herself.
Robin told Casey she hated her and punched her in the arm.
Sasha was a great data scientist, she used the computer efficiently.
robin got skylar fired from her job.
Casey rendered every frame of the project they were doing so it would be the best it could be.
Casey made the dough for the pizza and all the customers were satisfied.
Sydney had a lot of dietary restrictions. For once, Sydney actually enjoyed the meal from the restaurant.
Taylor found Cameron's seats at the stadium and made her way toward them.
Carson helped pack Tracy's clothes because Tracy had to move to college dorm.
Cameron was a model for Ash's life drawing art class.
Addison wanted to get a job in an office, because Addison worked well in business.
Cameron went broke and had to find a job as soon as possible.
Remy took their belonging to the new house and began to unpack.
Taylor saw Sasha steal cosmetics from the counter where Taylor was working.  Taylor told Sasha to leave.
Cameron wanted to get better at playing soccer, so he practiced every day.
Jordan provided Tracy a service when she was unable to clean her gutters on her own.
Kendall was recently released from the hospital following his tragic accident, so Bailey picked up Kendall's girlfriend to go out and see him.
Casey looked over Kai's shoulder at the stables as they walked towards their horses. Casey couldn't wait to see his horse again.
aubrey wanted to treat herself nicely so she went and bought a new blouse.
Bailey was recently divorced and needed to meet new people.
Taylor's daughter came to visit her. She gave her daughter a big hug.
Addison took Robin's degree certificate and threw it out in the trash.
Bailey enjoyed reading comics but had a hard time retaining information.
Carson broke a law and ended up going to jail.
Cameron used their knowledge to help their friend paint their bedroom.
alex knew jordan had talent so she made him start practicing.
Bailey saw how hard Skylar was working and he wiped the sweat from her brow.
Cameron climbed the fence to escape prison while the guards had their backs turned.
There was a narrow space between two buildings, and Jesse stood in the gap.
Lee is a genius at math and is Taylor's girlfriend in college.
After struggling for hours and working out the bugs, Kendall got the job done.
Jesse obeyed Jan's work orders while they were working on a project.
Taylor wasn't sure what to do, a hard decision on to save or destroy the document.
Robin drew a card from the deck when she was playing some poker.
Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to them as a birthday gift.
Jan and Sydney were up late preparing for a presentation. Sydney just poured herself some coffee and Jan took a sip of it.
Cameron won Quinn's award when the school found out Quinn cheated.
Remy sprayed perfume in the air to make the store smell better.
Quinn finally said their true feelings about the new movie staring the rock.
Alex didn't want to go to the party so they refused to go.
Aubrey and Addison were in the same art class so Aubrey decided to create Addison's illusion.
Robin let the student finish their drawing and then took the paper back to the counter to hang it up.
Skylar and Remy's were in a relationship. Skylar spent some time with Remy's family.
Bailey immediately bought a trash bin and started throwing in all the left over items.
Kai's friend ask if it was time to eat and Kai said not yet.
Kendall brought the cake home for her birthday today.
Skylar took her fishing because she had never been fishing and wanted to try.
Cameron managed their time effectively because they needed to get a lot of work done and there wasn't a lot of time to do it.
After three years of being on opposite sides of the country, Jordan saw Casey's face again.
The dog was scratching at the door so Alex took the dog out.
Cameron wanted a cup of coffee right before work so he waited for his turn at the counter.
Ash went to the White House for a tour. Ash took their pic with the president.
Alex had to do homework and tried to get away from his their task.
Kendall always wanted to be an actor on television. Kendall got the lead role in the television show.
Skylar decided to play hockey instead after they didn't make it onto the lacrosse team.
Riley flew off on a tangent when their friends brought up the topic of abortion.
Alex always got scared walking home from late band practice. Cutting through the woods made the trip a lot shorter, but it was always dark and creepy.
Jordan hoped that the medicine would help their sickness.
Alex showed me around the college campus when I arrived.
Robin was going on a date and took their date to the movies.
Austin was a devout Christian but had recently broken God's law.
Sydney bleached her hair so that she could look as pretty as her mother.
Kai is an active skateboarder and recently broke one leg.
Addison would teach Sydney to read after she found a good book.
Skylar got Riley's car back from the parking lot to go home.
Carson was trying to get their bathroom looking very nice and worked hard.
Tracy caught a bird and she decided to keep it.
Cameron and Taylor were tossing up ice cubes and trying to catch them with their mouths, Cameron caught one.
Kai was full of love and ran around to give people hugs.
Carson kept Skylar's head down under the water as they struggle for air.
Austin reached their goals before the deadline after working long hours all week.
Sydney and Skylar are having an argument. When their boss walks in, Sydney blames everything on Skylar.
Carson wanted to put away a tent. They pulled up stakes.
Aubrey gave Addison directions on how to act in the play.
Ash stayed at a friends house to take care of them for what seemed like forever.
Bailey eventually realized that he had forgotten her birthday.
Riley prepared for their reception after the dinner to prepare for the wedding.
Jan noticed that her friend was wearing the same thing as she was at school.
Skylar persuaded Remy to return. Remy will have to drop everything he had planned for the day.
Carson is the owner of a large company.
Lee brought their new friend to the party and everyone liked them and paid attention to them.
Jesse did not like to joke around so Jesse played Sasha no tricks in their life.
Aubrey had such a great time at the amusement park and saw a season ticket booth.
Robin told Sydney that the dress did not look good on her.
Riley went to her bank and quickly cashed Sasha's check.
Jesse called their kids in when it was too dark to play outside.
Aubrey did not want to go to bed. She was too excited for the amusement park the next day and she still had things to do to get ready.
Austin put on their pads and cleats. They were ready to play football.
Robin got Skylar fired from her job.  Skylar was too lazy.
Jordan raised money to help poor children go to summer camp.
Cameron asked Casey to write a recommendation letter to help her get a good job.
Kendall took the bull by the horns when they were fighting them in the rink.
Tracy knew their friend was sad, so they invited them to a party to cheer them up.
After I made an appointment at the salon, Aubrey cut my hair.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting that Quinn had just finished, but Austin just said it was terrible.
Jordan was failing math and their parents decided to hire a tutor to help.
Tracy just moved to the dormitory and Tracy started school in late fall.
Carson won the talent show.
Skylar called Bailey by her name and Bailey turned around with a big smile.
Remy lost Jesse's grip and Jesse landed in the pit with many broken bones.
Noah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee needed to be the center of attention at all times.
taylor felt they deserved the best in life so they pursued their dream.
It was their daughter's 5th birthday so Sydney went to the toy shop and bought lots of toys for them.
Remy provided Addison a good opportunity to study abroad in Italy for the summer and tour Rome.
Lee got some friends together to form a competitive dancing team.
Taylor hurt Lee's feelings after chewing him out in front of all his friends.
Kai is crying very hard. A close family friend just called to let Kai know that someone close to them passed away.
Bailey recently lost his favorite watch on a trip to the beach.
Bailey happily accepted the car as a graduation present since she would need it to get back and forth from college.
Tracy is tired of Skylar not paying her child support. She just listed all of Skylar's belongings for sale on Craigslist.
jan was looking sick so casey urged jan to take some medicine.
Quinn got ready to go to work and it turned out to be a brutal day ahead for him.
Jan put their coat back on by the door at her friends house.
Taylor served Addison's ends despite having serious reservations about the situation.
Quinn avoided Tracy because they had just gotten into a fight the week before.
Skylar looked at the application and gave Quinn an interview.
Cameron was cleaning their house, but got bored and fell asleep before they were through.
Lee was lost and decided to ask a lady on the street for directions.
Sydney kissed Bailey's forehead when they were sitting down.
Addison noticed that Austin's clothes were having static issues so he offered to give him static cling sheets for his laundry.
Riley ripped Jordan apart because of her bad grades.
Robin came home from a good vacation and was relaxed and rested.
Quinn required Alex's efforts to succeed so he offered to pay for tutoring.
Taylor made Tracy an offer on the boat today.
Sasha's friend was celebrating a milestone birthday. Sasha wanted to celebrate.
Jesse had time off and was really looking forward to her skiing vacation.
Austin gave Robin a believable reason but Robin preferred to practically prove him wrong soon.
Bailey asked Casey's neighbor if she had seen Casey recently.
Sydney made it special for them in honor of their twentieth wedding anniversary.
Lee lost a lot of weight. Later, Lee decided to buy a new pair of jeans.
bailey was not a winner but she also got a trophy.
Lee told Tracy they were a very fast runner. Tracy doubted Lee's ability.
Robin gave Bailey the benefit of the doubt when she said something silly.
Sydney read Austin the riot act because he was acting like that.
Ash agreed and went out with her friends to the party.
Quinn turned the tables to their advantage by making herself the boss.
Ash bit Robin's head off when they took a bite of her.
Riley was very hungry and so, decided to order dinner.
Riley went home and brought some milk from the store back with her.
Bailey developed interest in Quinn.  They flirt a lot.
Sydney told scary stories. The kids didn't particularly like them at night.
Jesse earned a bad reputation as a mechanic when they nickled and dimed things, always making the bill higher.
Jordan and his friend were hungry and saw that there was a place they could go get food.
Casey got their things together to pack for the big vacation.
Ash shed hope on the problem by offering a couple of options to consider for solutions.
Bailey broke up with Kendall last weekend at the movie theater downtown.
Carson tried and won the contest that lasted a week.
Alex got fed up after hearing the dog whine.
Casey wanted to get along with Bailey's family so introduced them.
Quinn received an extra ticket so they gave their friend one.
Taylor called Jesse's landlord so Jesse didn't have to.
Remy opened a store and made several millions of dollars in a short time.
Kai was an alcoholic and Ash persuaded him to change his ways.
Jesse traced Riley's problems back to one event and then explained to Riley how to fix things.
Oliver was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee drove home Casey's mom to the emergency room when he found her unconscious.
Bailey failed the test the first time but got it right the next time.
Alex was robbing a house and took Tracey hostage, so Alex cut Tracey's throat.
Quinn followed Lee's father's car all the way home and had a nice dinner inside.
Sasha saw Cameron play basketball one day in a big competition.
Sydney was looking pale and was going to shuffle off this mortal coil.
Addison held meetings for years and got a lot of money from the decisions.
Casey realized her dream of becoming a famous artist after the exhibit went viral.
Carson was never afraid of dogs.  Even though the animal was barking, he put his hand out to comfort it.
Cameron noticed their face was growing old and full of wrinkles.
It was Quinn's first time at the skate park and they didn't bring their board. Quinn rode Lee's skateboard.
Robin was Remy's mother's home nurse, so she helped Remy's mother while Remy worked.
Bailey entered the clothing store and looked at the large display. Loving it, Bailey immediately bought a dress.
Cameron had trouble paying his bills. He thought about ways he might come up with the needed money.
Jesse did not want to break up with Kai until tomorrow, so Jesse told Kai a fictional story instead.
Jesse had agrophobia and had not left the house in years but after alot of support and therapy Jesse went out last week and spent hours away from home.
Jesse hadn't seen his friends in a long time and finally got to play baseball with them.
Taylor raised Sydney's issue with the professor because Sydney was afraid to ask themselves.
Addison was being told what to think about the new girl. Addison formed their own opinions of her.
Skylar was looking for a new outfit and found the right one.
Casey decided to drive after drinking and Casey crashed into a ditch.
Aubrey found a list for Addison so she could search for jobs.
Jesse had nothing to do and wanted to keep themselves entertained.
Alex kept bringing Addison along. it put him in a bind for time though because he had to have certain things.
Aubrey was trying to get people to like her. Aubrey often told false tales to make her look good.
Kai walked back from school. It was time to go home and relax.
Riley saw what Sasha was having for dinner and stared jokingly with Jealous eyes.
After learning of Ellie's minor diagnosis, Kai left the hospital.
Robin found a friend named carson that she had a lot in common with and was glad.
Skylar took Riley's action after he won most of the actions on the sports.
Riley ran into his frenemy that he hasn't seen for years.
Robin kept Kendall on ice about the secret plan that will happen tomorrow.
Remy got home from school and decided to go bike riding.
Robin called the crowd to repentance after they had all sinned.
Lee told Riley that they were having issues with their new car they just bought.
Jan followed Addison home to see if Addison was cheating on them and it turned out they were.
Jordan found out Riley was being unfaithful, so he told Riley's boyfriend.
Skylar cooked dinner for their girlfriend Jesse and made a good meal.
Tracy acted funny around their parents after they snuck a snack.
After the party Quinn came back to my room for a drink.
Sydney could not sleep because they would have a job interview the next day.  They tossed and turned all night.
After meeting Alex for the first time at a party, Lee gave Alex's hand a shake.
bailey was a good worker so she made every deposit from alex.
Riley put their foot in front of the other to go into work that day.
Riley had just moved to a new town and had to find the many stores in town.
Taylor had been trying to pick out a new TV and Taylor got a closer look at the screen.
Jan launched another site after she branched out in product variation.
Addison stuck their tongue out at Riley to tease them even more.
Skylar met their requirements for the loan, and was able to get their first mortgage.
Taylor was hired at the restaurant. Taylor soon started their job.
Kendall got Casey's bike. He had needed to borrow it for awhile.
Kai finally convinced his family to go on a cruise to the Bahamas.
Robin gave sasha a welcome and told them to start their presentation at any time.
Ash understood the other's point of view, but Ash had another idea.
Quinn was a preacher and he was always preaching faith to the poor people.
Casey met my wife at a work function and was glad they got along well.
kendall was bored so she threw the rock into the water and watched it bounce.
Casey got a concert ticket from a scalper outside of the concert hall.
according to the article Lee collected dust.
By explaining the injustice of the situation, Jesse moved the group to take action against the corporation.
Even though it was a difficult decision and someone had to lose either way, Addison supported Cameron's families decision.
Aubrey asked their manager for help on the task because they didn't understand how to do it.
Alex cleaned Sasha's car.
Sasha did not like spiders and called and exterminator to help her.
Quinn found money in someone's wallet to help Robin's financial woes.
Addison took it a few minutes ago and got a nice score because of the smarts.
Addison wanted to show love so she put arms around Quinn.
Jesse provided Ash with an understanding of the problem but there were more problems left.
Skylar had some nervous energy, so she got up and started changing Addison's place.
I watched an historical drama which depicted Jan as a magistrate condemning a murderer and commanding that he die by the sword.
casey wanted to show carson the technique so she soaked the bread around carson.
It was time for the performance at the stadium. Casey tied sashes together.
Kendall held Robin close as they went through the haunted house because they were both afraid.
Sydney made a care package for their friend who was feeling under the weather.
Sasha decided to not be friends with Skylar anymore. Skylar couldn't believe it when she got the news.
Robin got her new job as a police officer and made her first arrest.
Quinn headed back to the shore and surfed until dinner time.
After magically making the volunteer vanish, Taylor called forth the person.
Bailey found Carson's solution and it was just a simple gas filling up and nothing else.
Kendall rushed to the bathroom to puke because he drank too much liquor that day.
Ash got the best of Sasha when they were playing video games.
Bailey thought maybe it was true, but all the evidence showed it was false.
Tracy and Alex were at a party and Tracy drank far too much so Alex took Tracy home and put Tracy to bed.
Alex changed Addison's thoughts for the better with his nice words.
After seeing a friend struggle with alcoholism, Bailey gave their friend the opportunity to attend AAA meetings every Thursday.
robin found a roach in the pizza and therefore called the pizza company.
Ash began to make a loud noise as they started the engine to mow the lawn.
Addison called her parents into Skylar's office so she could confess.
Robin saw Remy's doctor to figure out if she was pregnant.
Kai walked home from school because his mother forgot to pick him up.
Quinn got their friend's jeep stuck in the mud in the middle of nowhere.
Tracy noticed the server waiting for a tip so she tipped the hand.
Ash gave Jan a new idea about what to wear to the movies that night.
Jesse was in good shape and worked out twice a day.
Carson was about to add another guest to the list but realized he did not have a pen to write it down with.
Addison had lost her mother in the store but then found her.
Alex asked for the missing children parents number, so he entered their father's number.
Cameron made it just in time to catch the plane.
During a game of baseball, several players were trying to catch the ball at once, and in that time, Kai broke Casey's arm.
Skylar is a heavily overweight person.
Sasha was very proud of their accomplishment at the science fair today.
Ash borrowed the money from a bank so they could buy a new car.
Skylar made Kai better at playing the piano after many lessons.
One day, Quinn took a walk in the forest and got lost. After wandering around he finally found a way out.
Casey savored every moment they spent when they were with their family.
Aubrey baked too many cookies while trying many kinds of recipe. She had to eat cookies every night for a while.
Skylar cast the first stone when they were mad at the group of people.
Robin practiced as much as she could so she always beat her opponents.
Jordan ran the bases after getting a big hit during the baseball game.
Cameron bought a new blender at the store and brought it home.
Skylar was about to buy something on Ebay. Sasha told Klylar to put in a bid.
Riley told her friend that she was going to have a baby soon.
Kai saw Carson at his desk and went up to talk to him about his weekend plans. Carson was in a bad mod, though, and told Kai to go away. So Kai walked back to his desk and left Carson alone.
Carson wanted to play catch with Kai. But Kai left Carson alone because Kai had to babysit Kai's brothers.
Quinn got nothing in return for the large collection of old baseball cards.
Alex also read in preparation for an upcoming exam that he needed to pass.
skylar was walking home from school and found a puppy.
Kai's pedal came loose. Kai took their bike to a repair shop.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to shakes hands to show when they are hungry.
After several ideas failed, Jan gave up and let Bailey have another go at solving the problem.
Austin and Addison made a big announcement about their plans on getting married in the Summer.
Jesse softened the blow.
casey was bored so he went to the store with cameron's father.
Taylor thought it was Remy's turn to do dishes and Remy said they were right.
Jesse took their first steps. Jesse's parents clapped their hands.
Kendall was a pretty obnoxious sibling. On Christmas Day, Kendall opened all Quinn's presents.
Jordan stole something from the store and did not get caught.
Robin posed a threat to Kai that involved murdering him and his family.
Robin killed their mother after suffering years of abuse and was found not guilty.
Skylar got plenty of sleep before the test and studied hard as well.
After designing a new operating system, Kendall provided the interface to Jordan.
Kai really pissed Jan off and Jan got up to confront him.
Tracy wore makeup to the wedding that matched their formal dress because they were a bridesmaid.
Jordan improved the workflow and reduced issues by streamlining the entire process at work with new ideas.
Cameron gave Alex a peck on the forehead for what he did earlier.
After studying psychology for 8 years, Kendall became an expert.
Lee and his mother kept their lips sealed about the scandal that was happening right now.
Austin rode Jesse's bike and noticed a wobble in the tire while the rode.
Jan and her husband Lee moved to California last month.
Taylor served the dish better than the other servers so they got the job.
Kendall cooked potatoes for Riley's family. It was their famous recipe with garlic.
robin locked the door behind kai so that nobody would interrupt their important conversation.
Sawyer was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Addison was late showing up so Bailey spent Addison's time for his own speech.
Jordan withdrew Sasha's support without their knowledge so Jordan's candidate could win.
While driving alone, Addison saw their friends on the side of the road next to a broken-down car, signalling for help.
Skylar sold another painting for their clients at the art show.
Bailey had to get a job working over night. She worked all night.
Jan was a real estate agent and helped Jesse's parents get a new house.
Working for three hours straight, Taylor saved the patient's tooth.
Bailey came out tonight to have fun with her friends.
Addison got Quinn's picture put on Kai's trademark for work.
Alex designed Robin's experiment and she got a good grade.
Jesse told Ash her problem yesterday because they are best friends.
Sasha received Taylor's share for their monthly rent payment.
Jesse was going to buy them lunch but left his wallet with all his money at home.
Alex was simply another person after they returned home after dropping out of college.
Quinn saved Kendall's project from ruin and then held a press conference to call out the guilty culprits.
Bailey watched Taylor's favorite show and grew to love it as much as she did.
Kendall did this magic trick around the world and nobody could figure out this trick.
Bailey made a sandwich to take to work for lunch.
Ash was tested for a breast cancer gene, so Ash reduced their risk by getting a mastectomy.
Tracy was the executioner assigned to put Riley to death by hanging.
Kendall fulfilled their mission on the trip of helping others.
Cameron finally found a way after deliberating for quite some time.
Ash knocked on the door to his room and was granted entry by Jan his girlfriend.
Riley found a job soon after looking, and was able to start paying off their bills.
Kendall got the job done when they were working at the new compay.
Mia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
wanting to go shopping, Sydney broke open the piggy bank full of quarters to get out money.
Robin realised they had a special super power, they were able to transmute silver into gold.
The plane was full, there were no seats left. But Austin told Cameron to make room.
Sydney was painting Alex's nails because of the dance that weekend.
Kendall stole money from a friend of hers at school.
Jordan gave a picture of themselves to Casey who they wanted to see.
Lee decided to make a cake for the holiday coming up. Lee put the flour in first.
Addison wanted to help and provided Kendall the answer to the hardest question on the upcoming exam.
Addison was late for work but she still had to milk the cows.
Quinn attended the entertaining mandatory business meeting.
Taylor kept their chin up after the accident last week.
Robin's garden was blooming. She knew Jesse had been sad lately, so Robin asked her if she would like a flower.
Aubrey stated the rules in terms easily understood so that all the children could understand how to play.
Quinn asked Remy an important question and demanded that they answer their question.
Kai dressed like her best friend for the big party.
Aubrey made a mess when she cut my hair.
Jordan treated his mother to dinner at a 5 star restaurant.
Ash's skin is very dry.  Ash put aloe on his skin.
No matter what happened after a long day of work, Addison always treated others with respect.
Skylar developed another picture after the first one turned out poorly.
Sasha remained quiet the entire time while watching a good movie.
Aubrey wanted to go snorkeling but ended up swimming back to shore almost immediately after setting out.
Alex left the person behind when they ran to get in line for the ride.
Austin pulled themselves back after they had fallen down hard the other day.
Robin jumped rope as a warm up exercise before playing soccer.
Jordan was out watching a team protest for their rights. Jordan gave them Robin's support.
Bailey published a autobiography as a book but was sued for stealing content from another biography.
Skylar never used her bike because she was ashamed of it.
Quinn was having car problems and the headlights on his Jeep were not working. So he brought it into the shop.
Jan saw a romantic movie with Lee's boyfriend.
Sasha was arguing with Austin and developed a mean attitude with them.
Sydney feels like its a hassle to ask friends to drive them around. Sydney learns how to drive.
Taylor granted Riley permission to dance with his girlfriend at the school dance.
Kai asked for Taylor's help when Kai's car wouldn't start.
It was late and Kai was still not home. Kai had finally come but it was almost midnight.
Kendall became hot after running away, she had to cool her heels.
Casey had foolish expectations about the durability of the materials. Jesse burst Casey's bubble.
Aubrey shaded Kai's eyes from the sun when they were at the beach.
Sasha was Skylar's prom date and they went to pick out a dress.
Riley had lost Carsons keys but looked for them and found them for Carson.
Addison is a teacher that wants Sydney to do well. She sees potential in Sydney.
Remy was cleaning out Jordan's garage for him when Jordan was sick in the hospital.
When Taylor noticed the dog looking intently at them, he gave them the toy and the dog wagged their tail.
Jan sat for hours watching the news today as a terrible terrorist attack unfolded.
Jesse and Lee were spending time together.  Jesse told Lee a story.
Jan went home and changed and then met everyone for dinner.
Cameron was hungry so they ate Italian food.
After her exams, Skylar spent the day relaxing at the beach with a few close friends.
Kendall walked to school one time and got there a little early that day.
Ash decided that the dance party would be funner than sitting at home along. Ash went to the dance party. Ash ended up having alot of fun.
Quinn made a lot of assumptions before finding out the truth.
Cameron headed toward Robin and tripped. He had wanted to ask Robin for a long time.
Tracy told Jordan what they as a birthday gift this year.
Sydney was studying architecture and was to create a plan for a new museum.
Jesse was tired of the hot weather and looked forward to wintertime for the cold.
Bailey was stuck in an elevator. Bailey used their muscle strength and strong will to control their bowels.
taylor was a bank clerk so he put the money in the drawer.
Alex was lying behind Cameron. They were hiding from their girlfriend.
Taylor said Bailey would take hostages for money.
There was a whiteboard for people to leave comments or suggestions at their office, so Jesse wrote a note on the board.
Sydney worries about blowing a tire on the highway. Sydney buys two spare tires even though the car already has one.
Robin gave their niece some money as a birthday present.
Aubrey went hiking with friends up in the mountains.
Sydney placed Remy's phone at the disposal because they had gotten them a new one.
Remy went to school and enjoyed the day with their friends that were there.
Bailey was an old friend of the family, since Bailey knew Tracy's father.
Tracy wanted to play a musical instrument. They learned to play the violin.
Aubrey kept up with the joneses in all different areas of life.
Ash used pictures to represent their feelings because they never learned to read.
Austin waited on Sasha during her long doctor's appointment.
Robin was extremely upset with Tracy and decided to give them death wishes.
Casey was cleaning remi's apartment because it was disgusting and smelled bad.
Remy needed to do some background research for the paper they were writing.
Bailey made an adjustment to Addison's glass and fixed them for their friend.
Tracy said bye to Addison as he board the bus to Florida.
Carson got the ball rolling because the room had been awkwardly silent for a while.
Sydney was going to the carnival that evening and wanted to play games. Sydney took money to the carnival.
Cameron broke her friends leg by accident while they were playing around.
Carson has been scammed by a fake IRS call last November.
Jordan had been through a lot of up and down in life so Jordan gave Austin a view of the future.
Taylor decided to assist Kai with his studies thus increasing Kai's efficiency at school.
Bailey watched Alex's back. They had been friends for many years.
Alex administered the lord's medicine to all of the sick patients in the hospital that requested his prayers.
Sasha used the computer efficiently so she didn't see why she shouldn't be able to get the job.
Lee hired a painter to help Carson with the big house remodeling project they were preparing.
Alex threw big kisses up into the air after doing his musical performance at the theater.
Jordan spent time with Quinn last night and they played games and had fun.
Taylor restored the seat to Skylar's position after playing with it. Skylar wasn't pleased.
Aubrey took the girl to the park because they were neighbors and wanted to be friends.
Kendall wanted people to be around them. They felt afraid when they were all alone.
Tracy knew she hurt his feelings and felt kind of bad.
Robin told Jesse that PS4 is a better system than Xbox.
Sasha drank wine to celebrate the promotion to a new position after years of hard work.
Jordan took his sister to the circus for her sixth birthday even though he had a lot to do.
Tracy defrayed money in connection with her bank. Steve finally got the money she owed him.
Bailey paid him to support the companies efforts in the takeover.
Remy posted a picture on her social media of her hanging with her friends.
Jesse talked to Casey about anything fun going on that weekend. They wanted to go out.
Austin took Riley to see a doctor and he got prescribed some medicine.
Austin never wore mittens when they skied down the hill.
Aubrey told Addison that they wanted to ask a cute boy named Stew out.
Kai was responsible for his company and made sure to protect workers' rights.
Carson helped lee with lots of different chores that afternoon.
Robin went to a big store to buy some new clothes.
Jordan was trying to watch a movie so he shut the door to block out the noise from the other room.
Sasha was on a stand up comedy show and she thinks it was really funny and amusing.
After quitting a number of dull and boring jobs, Quinn had gotten yet another new job, but quickly left that one too.
Sydney was suppose to keep their secret, but instead told Jan about it yesterday.
Sasha called my friend to ask if she could borrow a book for school.
Ash ordered a hamburger for his dog after he got home from work.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye and told a lie despite Kai knowing the truth.
Alex went over to his family's house and spent time with his people.
Kai bought a brand new item from the site called Amazon and used it.
Kendall listened to Alex's music, but wasn't really a fan of the genre.
Lee wrote stories about his adventures as a little boy in the big city.
Ash helped their team win the championship title.
Riley moved quickly while she was at work.
Quinn put garbage in the trash compactor. They presses a button to flatten the trash.
Aubrey met all of her sales goals for the month, despite problems at home.
Lee went to the department store and bought a new couch on sale.
Aubrey turned Sydney back from the door when Sydney knocked and asked for help.
Jan wanted to call Quinn but Quinn's line was busy for several hours.
Remy wanted something quick to eat to curb their hunger. They made a snack.
Tracy stubbed their thumb so Remy rubbed their thumb to relieve the pain.
Jesse was supposed to meet Sydney to get concert tickets. Sydney saw Jesse and brought him into line.
Addison plied Casey's trade when they had work.
After losing their own, Alex took Cameron's bike to school.
Sydney was having problems sleeping and they tossed and turned.
Alex had a discipline problem with every school he attended. Alex therefore had to change schools often.
Jan had to go grocery shopping and she needed to make a list.
Jan offered extra credit homework to students to help their grades.
Jordan went straight home and started studying. Jordan got a leg up on his homework.
Addison approached Tracy's girlfriend and asked her to go with him instead of Tracy.
Quinn asked permission to go to lunch with her husband this afternoon.
Alex defeated every soldier until there was nobody left to challenge him in combat.
Carson wanted to touch Quinn and just decided to ask them straight out for permission, which they were granted.
Sydney did not give a monkey's uncle about whether or not anyone else wanted to go on the trip.
Kai thought Casey was really cute and wanted to know if they were single.
Bailey read aloud a letter she got from her boyfriend overseas.
Lee and Austin are friends, they meet every week to play a game with each other.
Alex called the company regarding a return for the product.
Riley had stolen a car after seeing one parked in a garage.
Skylar divided voters into classes so that the election will go more smoothly.
bailey was a good person so she considered the request seriously.
Jan ate some of the popcorn that her mom brought to the movies.
Alex eased their pain by rubbing a moisturizing cream on the sun burn.
Casey practiced their speech by reciting it over and over in the mirror and in front of their friends.
robin had bad experiences with her own doctors so she saw remy's doctor.
A truck was speeding fast while she was crossing, yet Sasha made it across the street in time.
Quinn did a really good job on the book after months of research on the topic.
Sasha made their way home after a long commute on the train.
Carson sent them to the fight, so they can go home to be with the family.
Taylor made Kai attack the other team so they could win the game.
Cameron played games on Skylar's phone and then dropped it in the toilet.
Addison mowed Robin's lawn and helped with the landscaping around the house.
Skylar destroyed the toy city that Kai and her friends built that day at school with a toy car.
Carson liked Taylor and wanted to cook dinner for them. They planned to invite Taylor to their house.
The professor provided a glowing letter of recommendation for Bailey to take with them after graduation.
Sydney needed braces for her teeth to look better in the mirror.
Kendall held Robin's phone after putting hers in her purse.
Alex thanked them for granting him the award on their behalf as it's a great honor.
Casey didn't want the kids to get out of control. Casey put the rules into effect before it could happen.
Addison put Kendall's ideas into action when the company was failing and saved the company.
alex had a genius as a dad so alex learned things fast.
Jordan found Jan's keys under the cushion in the dog bed where Sampson had hid them.
Jordan gazed into Carson's eyes and gripped the ring in his pocket.
Cameron was late because she had to go to the dentist for a root canal.
While giving a tour of the farm to the children, Aubrey showed them the barn.
After two of his coworkers called off, Kai worked late that night.
Ash had an argument at with another spectator at her favorite team's ball game. Ash left the game and went home.
Taylor had just turned 16 and was starting to feel urges towards her other classmates.  Some of her thoughts were very confusing.  She knew she was supposed to like boys, but she noticed some of the other girls in her class seemed pretty.  And sometimes wondered whether she was gay.
Lee was playing for his country in a soccer match.  Before the match began the national anthem was played and Lee stood shoulder to shoulder with the players of the team.
Riley got hurt last night when they tried to make a pizza by themselves.
Taylor had a big math exam coming up. Taylor did not study at all and got a 100 on the test.
Austin demanded a refund because others bragged about getting refunds at the store.
Robin played with Aubrey's friends when they asked her to join them.
Remy tried and exerted every option that she knew of, but couldn't finish.
Addison was dating Skylar, he asked for Skylar's hand in marriage and Skylar said yes so when their parents came to visit Addison called them into Skylar's office to tell them.
Jan hurt her arm when she fell off the roof.  It looked like she twisted her arm badly.  She needs to be transported to the hospital.
Alex made his sworn statement before talking to investigators.
Kendall titled Jan's head then went in for a kiss.
Austin was mad at Addison. Addison found and bought the book for Austin that he loved.
Quinn spent many years studying and finally got their degree.
Riley had tried the old woman and found her to be a witch.
Riley knew every line. He had practiced his part repeatedly until he felt he had it right.
Taylor was going to ask the girl to dance but got cold feet and didn't, sulking back into the corner.
Aubrey felt very hot outside and noticed that the air conditioning was on in the house.
Sasha did a lot of things in their spare time and was exhausted and missed the bus to work.
It was only a small detail in a large and complex story they had read, but it effected them so much emotionally, that Kai remembered it forever.
Carson had to beat his local clergy in a chess tournament to win money to save the orphanage.
Alex tried tape to fix his mom's broken mug that he broke that morning.
Jan considered the whole paper in detail and made scrupulous notes.
Jan gave thanks to Remy's mother for getting the dinner for the sleep over.
Austin was in a bad mood and saying bad things.
Jordan made a decision to withdraw support of Sasha.
Bailey asked the clerk where he could find the correct paperwork to file the application to rent.
Alex was disgusted with what Robin had done and therefore made her leave.
Addison got all of the ingredients and made cookies for the party.
Ash loves playing tricks and this time around, she decided to prank her best friend.
Anthony was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jordan took his family to the circus and they saw many tigers in the ring.
Jordan told Kendall to be quiet because he was trying to study.
Her coworker knew it was her birthday, and got her a present. Alex loved in very much.
aubrey was a math prodigy so she liked math very much.
Alex made a long story short and made everyone laugh at her jokes.
Sasha kept the family together while they moved across the country.
Skylar went to the mall and bought a brand new pair of shoes.
Cameron renewed their vows yesterday after ten years of marriage.
Casey, dressed, went back out to eat after her dress had been set on fire.
Riley was on a strict workout plan but he kept his muscles in good condition.
Alex was walking along a deserted path when they saw and helped a child in distress.
Kendall mentioned Alex's name in the school newspaper.
Remy made a snack after she got done exercising in the gym.
Kai conquered their fear of snakes by going to therapy and working hard.
Casey was able to protect Ash's children from the home intruder.
Skylar gave their testimony, explaining the product and how it improved their life.
Sasha made a New Year's resolution to get in better shape.
Tracy always did as she was told.  Therefore, she obeyed all of Remy's commands.
Lee twisted his ankle while skateboarding all over the place.
Sydney stopped shaving after deciding he wanted a long beard.
Austin discussed every detail with his manager adn they came to a good conclusion.
Sasha was nervous expecting her enemy Riley to attack her at any moment.
Sasha takes the dollhouse out of the package and divides the parts into piles.
After joining forces with the team, Bailey wanted to win a title and go to Disney World.
Sydney was pulled over by an illiterate police officer and had to write her own ticket.
Jordan had a solution to solve their problems.
Taylor drank soda that was not the right thing compared to what they ordered.
Jesse killed Riley's dog after it had use the bathroom in Jesse's front lawn.
Remy finally called her friend to apologize for how he treated her last time.
Jordan placed a donation for this item in the volunteer at the desk's hands.
Sydney had new clients at their bank. Sydney served their interests.
Cameron renewed their vows today to show their love.
Sasha stretched Quinn's arms to prevent them from injury.
Taylor answered this question with certainty after some long deliberation of it.
Kendall asked Jan to marry them and was keen to get Jan's answer immediately.
Sasha was trying to save for tuition so she worked double shifts at work.
Sasha increased their understanding. She was a very good teacher and the students seemed to learn well.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money at the casino and they were already really low on money for rent.
Kendall sent their son to private school even though it cost a lot of money every month.
Ann was afraid to ride on the horse even though Casey rode one.
Jordan persuaded their friend to vote because her wanted to influence the election.
The argument was not going well as Addison filled Jan's mouth with words. Jan was getting frustrated by this.
Quinn gave Riley an education.  Riley appeared to be naive.
Aubrey got Bailey an apple tree for his birthday since he liked them so much.
Ash was watching television when all of a sudden the power went out.
Sydney had just received news about the death of their grandmother.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office and told him that Skylar was a thief.
Jordan loved Carson's friend better because their friends had been nicer to Jordan than Jordan's old friends.
Remy obtained Quinn's education after years of studying sociology and English.
Robin supported their wife's views on the subject and trusted their judgement.
Aubrey had a handle on the task and completed it efficiently without issue.
Kendall brought a cat home that she found on the side of the road.
Riley decided to make their own cake rather than ordering one from the bakery.
Tracy kept Bailey company when she was sad about breaking up with her boyfriend.
Taylor provided shelter for children. They were a compassionate person.
Remy's army volunteered at work to do small tasks outside of their job tasks.
Quinn saved Kendall's business from ruin after Kendall begged Quinn for help.
Kendall impressed upon Remy to tell the truth and Remy agreed that honesty is the best policy.
Riley started her first job and did all her duties extremely badly.
Robin started yelling and being silly when spending time with their friends.
Due to fatigue for staying up all night, Sasha made a mess of their tests.
Skylar got employed months ago and had been persistently looking for a job. Skylar finally got a job.
Kendall's favorite song came on and didn't want to dance alone. Kendall asked Sydney's friend if they wanted to dance.
Cameron likes to cook. That evening, she decided to cook some spaghetti with bolognese sauce. So she took a skillet and added oil into it.
Aubrey drank the milk that she had been given by her friend.
Skylar moved themself along through the crowd and made it to where they were going.
After reading a chapter a day for two weeks, Aubrey finished the novel.
Bailey bought their friend a ticket to the show and they had fun.
As she reached for a piece of bread and conversed with her date, she wasn't paying attention and Jordan spilt the red wine.
Holding fresh flowers, Sasha knocked on the door. When it opened, Sasha entered Kai's house and gave Kai the flowers.
Alex was new to school and Jordan smiled at her. Alex sat beside Jordan.
Sasha had had a huge crush on Kai and decided to tell him immediately.
Bailey wasn't available, but her friends were there when Jesse came by.
Jan played a hero in the etiology of the school play.
Skylar tried to cheer Tracy up by getting a big pizza from a local place.
Tracy knew what she liked and she knew she liked Remy well.
Kai got Addison's friends together to hang out but did not invite Addison.
Jordan loved fire but this time he went too far and set his house on fire, he had to call the fire department.
Jesse gave Addison a lecture about physical fitness after Addison had trouble going up stairs.
Quinn thought they could handle the mission before the enemy revealed their superior position.
Riley wanted to tell Alex important news.  Instead of calling, Riley decided to see Alex in person.
Kai's girlfriend was throwing a party and asked Kai if he could stop after work to buy drinks for the party.
Bailey did something that Taylor did not like and Taylor felt is was inconsiderate.
Taylor recieved a photo message showing her boyfriend cheating on her, she got a closer look at the screen and it confirmed her fears.
Bailey spends every Sunday with their grandmother. Bailey brings their grandmother puzzles, books, and candies.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to meet Kendall and his friends for a surprise birthday party.
Skylar went crazy at the mall and tripped and fell down the escalator.
Austin bought a new car and showed it to his friends.
Tracy was tired of spending Saturday nights going to the movies, so she did something else.
Lee rushed upon Quinn's house because he was excited to see her.
Remy asked Jordan to dinner and was elated when they accepted the offer.
according to the article  Lee asked Sasha to dance.
Taylor obtained every prize at the fair this year.
Austin prayed every week and went to church also, hoping to get into heaven.
Robin gave her son a haircut by herself in the chair that day.
Robin drove Skylar's truck when Skylar got so drunk at the pub.
Carson found out that Cameron was on drugs to Carson told Cameron's sister to get Cameron into trouble.
Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch.  Sasha appreciated their friend since they lived out of state.
Carson had been on the road for 10 hours and he was starting to get tired.
His friends all failed the science test but Jordan got an A.  Jordan had a word of advice for them.
Skylar took the kids to the amusement park for the day.
Sasha returned the items to the store. They could not afford them.
Carson showed their daughter how to ride a bike.  They were a very attentive parent.
Taylor took Carson's turn on the board game and got the final score.
Sydney got a new bottle of coke at the store. Sydney broke open the seal to drink some.
Casey fitted perfectly the glove on the hand for that day.
lee told casey a scary story and sent chills down her spine.
jesse went hastily to their mother to see if they were alright after taking a tumble.
Quinn wanted to Riley to go with her to the zoo.
Quinn also gave a smile because the joke was very funny for that type of joke.
Jan spent hours searching for just the right thing to wear.
Addison got good gifts at Christmas because everyone know what Addison wanted.
Casey didn't listen to the others and gave their friends the benefit of the doubt.
Remy's girlfriend called crying because she heard a noise at their house.
Riley enhanced students' lives, and other people who supported the students were pleased.
Sasha took advantage of the fact that people weren't looking to mistreat a stray dog.
Kai fought his way out of the trap as hard as he could.
Casey is unhappy with the results they got from dying their own hair. Skylar helps Casey redo their hair.
In order to get to the front of the line, Sydney pushed Taylor aside.
Bailey took a nap during the second period of the class.
Kendall took her allowance to spend on frivolous things that she does not need.
Skylar maintained Jan's authority at work while she was on a trip.
Carson was shopping for a new car and saw one just like he wanted and immediately chose it.
Sasha played hide and seek with their little sister.  They ran under the bed.
Jesse was getting late to work last week.
Bailey was driving down the highway to go fishing. they read aloud a sign.
Casey and Sasha argued loudly until Sasha ended up resigning in Casey's office.
Remy was decorating their new home and making it look nice. Remy hung a picture.
Riley sat down and began eating the leftover frozen pizza from yesterday.
Robin found the kitten that she liked best, it was the tan black and white one.
Lee walked by Quinn and raised his head up to see if he was asleep.
robin wanted to play with the other kids so she jumped rope.
Jesse got bad grades. Jesse´s mom is always complaining about Jesse and the fact that she never wants to study. Jesse just likes to play around.
Shasha told Skylar to put down the knife before they hurt themselves.
Alex wanted a big, healthy breakfast, so Alex made eggs.
Addison and their partner became very upset with each other about the living arrangement.
Casey met Sasha after the show. They went to get something to eat.
Carson ate a few sandwiches during his lunch break at work.
Robin came along with Carson and their friends to the movies that evening.
After a month of dating, the sparks were gone, so Casey wanted to get rid of Ash.
Quinn ate another apple after the first one because the apples tasted so good.
Ash expressed their honesty openly even though it was hurtful to a lot of people.
Quinn turned Alex around so he could see the suit.
Bailey's wife gave Jordan a lift but Jordan noticed they were low in gas so Jordan asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas.
Sydney studied hard and graduated from college recently.
Remy wore thin stockings in warmer weather rather than thick ones.
Riley was a cruel individual with an evil side and afforded Sydney's pleasure.
Kai went back to my house to find their wallet, but it wasn't there.
Bailey took fate into their own hands and walked into the job interview with confidence.
After begging Skylar and promising to study hard beforehand, Quinn finally received an interview from Skylar.
Cameron passed Taylor law booklets. They didn't understand what the laws meant.
Remy got a new car for her birthday so she took her friend to school in it.
Quinn listened to Taylor's mom drone on about her boring experiences in the army.
Kendall grabbed Robin's hips while they were dancing at the dance.
Remy sat down beside Aubrey and explained her how to get to the mall, Aubrey remembered how to get tot the mall now.
Addison drew a photo of Sasha and gave it to him for a present.
To show that she understood, Riley expressed Kendall's feelings in her own words.
Robin called everyone to stand up and pray for repentance.
Skylar gave their son food when he finally recovered from the stomach flu.
Jesse was teaching a class lecture, and wrote down their lecture on the board.
Robin was a good violin player and Lee asked them to play. Robin gave Lee the pleasure of their music.
Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend for a few years before getting married.
Quinn used Sydney's service when he was asked to work nights at his job and needed a sitter.
Jan has been cheating on skylar for long and the day she busted him, she wanted to kill him.
Kai put the eggs in the bowl and put the bowl in the fridge for a few days.
Tracy took the garbage out on the day of trash collection as a favor to their boss, because it had started to stink.
Riley faced an uncertain future with a good attitude and good character.
Carson was wearing a scary mask. Aubrey took one look and then ran.
Kai exceeded expectations on the date and brought a limo, flowers, and chocolates.
The others looked around and avoided answering any questions, so Aubrey threw some light on the subject.
Jan paid her rent on time for the first time in months.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of socks for their birthday and Casey thanked her for them.
Skylar found a dollar under Remy's bed. They put the dollar on the dresser.
Taylor liked a person so they asked them to a dance.
Jordan turned the car to the left in order to get to the factory on time.
Quin was done swimming so he swam back to shore.
Austin pushed Addison away when she confronted him about his addictions.
People were noticing that Austin was dressed nicely. They accepted every compliment they got.
taylor was given a choice to make so she decided to save the document.
Jan got a letter from a college they applied for. Jan was afraid to read it so Carson read it to Jan. Jan got into college.
Jan presented her proposal to the team. Jan capped it all off with a smile.
Riley defied every traffic law. They were driving to the hospital to deliver a baby.
Jordan eventually asked to leave and went home to go play video games on the computer.
Jordan went back to the century of the history class because she enjoyed that century.
Austin asks Quinn to carefully describe the artwork for an app that helps the blind imagine paintings.
Alex didn't want to bother his friends and kept Casey occupied for the time being.
Austin gave Robin a reason to succeed after they wanted to give up on college.
Quinn spent the money but then worked hard to start saving it again.
Casey received a kind gift from Jan after work.
Addison supported Cameron's family's decision to have Cameron's life support pulled.
Robin told Jesse her secrets and became very close to him.
Jan noticed the dress she wanted was on sale finally. Jan wanted to buy it.
Carson asked Addison to forgive them for ruining the New Year's party.
Quinn went to the store for groceries and bought milk.
Jan and Addison were dance partners and were practising for an upcoming competition.
Remy is putting together gift bags for their wedding in two days. After finishing 150 out of 170 of them, Remy prepared yet another gift bag.
Tracy supported Carson's case to their parents that it wasn't their fault.
Riley stayed up and studied all night for the test that was scheduled first thing in the morning.
Kai hid a diamond beneath the surface of the pool and then lied about where it went.
Jesse called Remy yesterday night and told him  that it was something important that need to talk about, so Jesse told Remy what they had heard.
Sydney got kendalls friends together for a sleepover at her mom's house last night.
Jan took her pills to the doctor so they could see what kind of medication she was taking.
Tracy drew attention to the fact that the morale on the work team was low.
Bailey put their bag on the ground and took a few moments to stretch out and rest their shoulders.
Bailey made Jesse a fortune in their field of work.
Quinn asked permission to go to lunch and when he received it, he invited the others to come along.
Robin told Jesse a big secret she had been keeping from them.
Remy sent books they didn't need anymore to be donated to people who could use them.
Sydney accomplished Tracy's objectives easily and in plenty of time.
Riley used Remy's words when he gave the speech for her when she was unable to.
Kendall went to the circus with friends and had so much fun.
The police pulled Addison (who was white) and Lee (who was black) over. Addison was driving, but the police asked Lee to step out of the car.  Addison didn't think that was right and she verbally enforced Lee's rights.
Ash cannot go home for dinner.  Casey delivered Ash's message to her mother.
Tracy attended every show of her best friend.
Kai has bound Bailey's hands together after Bailey was trying to hit everyone.
Ash sent their friend to the store to pick up beer because Ash is too young.
Sasha based the decision on their experiences and was happy to agree to tell the story.
Riley shot himself in the foot because they forgot to put the safety on.
Jan got all her chores taken care of in the morning, so she spent the afternoon relaxing and taking care of herself.
Jesse ate at a fancy restaurant on their birthday with their friends.
Sasha, who is Remy's mother, made decisions for Remy and never let Remy decide for themselves.
Robin went with a friend to the zoo. It was got so Robin held the jackets together in her arms.
Aubrey kept her eyes on Ash's things at the library.
robin wanted to be attractive so she got closer.
Addison worked well in business classes because they are smart.
Austin and Addison made a big announcement because they wanted everyone to know something.
Robin was crying in the changing room when Jordan came in. Jordan was kind and gave Robin support.
Kai wore a hat to the school event because it was outdoors.
Jesse has never owned a cat before but she adopted one today from the animal society.
Cameron looked around Skylar to see what they were hiding.
Jordan works very hard at his job and produces a lot of sales for his company annually. Jordan has received a raise every year.
Riley was having a good day and carried Aubrey's bag far.
Ash left the house for the better after cleaning all day.
Bailey was bit by spider on the arm so she killed the spider with a stone.
Robin was training at running quickly every day.
After a long, hard day at the job, Ash got home.
Taylor told all my friends my secret even though I said not to.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan but didn't because she couldn't get away with it.
Bailey made Jan's mom a scarf as a surprise present for their birthday.
Tracy forced Jan's eye closed while she was resting.
Kai enjoyed their time together and went to buy his girlfriend a ring.
Alex got ready to go out after work and wanted to have fun.
It was Sydney's mothers birthday, she gave her many gifts today.
Riley gave the girl a present after the girl was very helpful with the recovery.
Robin found one for sale and it wasn't that expensive at all to buy.
Nora was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Having never been to an hill top, Cameron finally went with a friend to see what it was like.
Addison broke Remy's phone by throwing it into the pool one day.
Sasha discussed the problem within the essays in detail with her students so that they get better grades.
Skylar created a filing system for Alex to store his tax documents.
Riley persuaded me to give them the keys to the car so they could go out.
Kai racked their brain hard trying to come up with the answer to the complicated math problem.
Bailey made Jesse a fortune by giving their business a shot.
Jordan spilled water in all the places and didn't want anyone to slip.
Carson pulled Jordan's wallet from Jordan's pocket despite Jordan telling him no earlier in the day.
Taylor willed definitely to succeed that next year by training a lot.
Jordan gave Taylor the right utensil for the crab so they could eat it easier.
Kendall had an appointment at the doctor's office and decided to arrive there early.
carson drove into their point of interest and proceeded to go inside.
Remy did not like how the airline treated her and she posted her concerns on social media.
Sydney lost Kai along the way and didn't look for her.
Kendall was hungry so they ate some food.
Casey was with her friends and was trying to impress them, so she tossed her drink back.
Sasha won the swimming medal for her high school.
Robin felt the story was important and needed to be heard. Robin brought the story to trial.
Quinn maintained Riley's balance for her as she tried to navigate the very narrow balance beam.
Jesse somehow lost every single penny he had left to his name.
Quinn couldnt afford the condo. Quinn decided to move back with their parents.
Casey knew their boyfriend was a huge fan of a famous rock band that was coming to town in a few weeks for a show, so Casey surprised their boyfriend with two tickets.
Carson gave Riley an idea for the  decoration of the surprise birthday party.
Casey shopped for groceries today at the local farmer's market.
Robin played football with Riley's friends until they all realized they were hungry for pizza.
Jordan woke up early and got dressed for school.
Remy had a big test coming up. Remy was studying all week for the test.
Even though it was scary, Lee stood shoulder to shoulder alongside their comrades without faltering.
Alex saw that the child was extremely upset and in distress, so they helped the child.
Jen loves to watch the news.
Casey drove Kendall away when trying to do their homework.
On prom night, Remy looked much better than they usually did.
Kendall asked their wife for another glass of wine.
Riley stared at Sasha with eyes glowing as Sasha backed away.
Robin gave Casey a blow in the eye trying to get the dust out.
Cameron bought a brand new cellphone because theirs had broken recently.
Riley did well at the interview for the position. Riley started her first job.
Carson loved to swim and was training for a national competition.
Austin is trying to get more exercise so has not been driving.
Kai learned to play guitar by teaching themselves using the Internet.
Robin gave Lee pleasure after realizing he was having a bad day.
After having too much to drink at the bar, Casey crashed into a ditch.
Kendall talked to Jordan for a bit while they were at school.
Sydney made no difference to Remy even though they used to be the best of friends.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay after Sasha lost her home and all contents in a fire.
Jordan is a soldier whose job it is to find mines in a battlefield.
Remy pushed the ball too far, so it rolled out into the street.
Casey drew Skylar's attention to the fact that she liked him.
Casey wrote another note.
Riley proved that they were good at video games. People were impressed.
Kai threw chemicals into the water to make sure the pool was taken care of.
Because she was planning a dinner party, Aubrey went and bought food.
Lee dropped the sandwich on the crowd, but then he blew on it and ate it anyway.
Tracy was having a dinner party and said she would try to make a turkey.
Jan wore her favorite anime shirt to school. Lee made fun of Jan.
Tracy was curious about what would happen so she stuck a fork in an outlet.
Kendall almost fell off the ladder, but Jordan prevented the fall.
Carson returned the wallet to the owners but only after taking all the cash out.
Carson asked the neighbors to move the car and he said it in a really rude and demanding tone.
Taylor was always taking on tasks that her co-workers did not have time to finish during their sifts.
Cameron had moved to a new district months ago and had made a lot of new friends.
Aubrey ate a sandwich and washed the sandwich with a cold glass of milk.
Jordan resolved their problems with a big trip to many cities in the United States.
Austin got some surgery on his eyes and could see better.
Jan hired Cameron to help move her furniture into her new apartment.
Kendall impressed upon Remy that they should be truthful with people.
Kendall ate so much cake and ice cream that he felt sick to his stomach, but he kept right on eating.
Taylor showed Kendall a movie that they were in the process of developing.
Addison had a glass of water after her morning run.
Ash worked a double shift at work then spent the next day sleeping.
Addison kept asking Sydney about dinner plans and Sydney couldn't decide what they want.
Looking to get an answer on the experiment, Casey used Austin's scientific procedure.
It started raining on the walk so Ash was looking for shelter.
Jesse had a questionable mole on his back. He got it checked out.
Jordan held up his end of the bargain after an agreement was struck.
Jordan contributed to Robin's understanding about the science homework.
Kai needed an audience for their play so Bailey found them an audience.
Quinn saw Aubrey's article in the paper and showed it to her friends.
Carson sent the children to the assembly, then took a seat on the side of the stage.
Bailey liked the biscuits so they tried another biscuit.
The essay was due in just a few days and it was time to prepare so Quinn read an article.
Cameron was grounded and couldn't come out, so Quinn played sports with Cameron's friends.
Casey felt like talking about their problems with a therapist.
Remy invited friends over and made a small party without  his parents permission last weeknend. Remy parents punished him for a week.
Jesse called them into the room to let them know they were being fired.
Tracy was in a car accident and her car was ruined.
After months of crooked teeth and painful chewing, Tracy finally got braces today.
carson was a smart person so he tried to fix it.
Robin got a hotel room when she was out of town.
Cameron spent his afternoons playing and petting the kittens and Cameron gave the kitten some treats.
Ash was moving away to college, so Ash spent some time with their little sister, Taylor.
After having it for over 3 weeks, Robin realized she lost Riley's footing.
Jan improved Bailey's life and made Bailey so happy.
Bailey bought a new toaster only to realize that it was broken when they got home.
Cameron brought their family to his play and they all clapped from the performance.
Cameron played catch outside with their kid one afternoon after they got home from school.
Sydney wrote their own ticket to fame, and never had to rely on anyone for anything.
Tracy drank a lot of water after running five miles that morning.
Bailey walked along the beach when she saw a baby turtle struggling in the sand.
Lee paid their electric bill. It was finally paid off.
Skylar rejected every idea given to them. They were headstrong.
Sasha saw Cameron playing outside and thought they would join them.
Carson carried that legislation into effect even though it was unpopular with the public and the other political party.
Addison bound the straws together and made the hay that was the strongest ever.
jordan was a only child so he inherited all of his father's wealth.
Robin told her friends that she wanted to go to the game alone.
Ash ordered 30 catered sandwiches from a nearby sandwich store for a lunch meeting at noon but the meeting was delayed.
Seeing Robin fully concentrating on his cooking, Kai tiptoed and booed suddenly by Robin's ear thus scaring him.
Casey went home with Cameron's father after they watched a movie.
casey knew a lot about swimming pools so he became an expert for aubrey.
Jordan was having a hard time getting the team to come up with something. Jordan gave the team Casey's idea.
Remy invited all Alex's friends to the party that was being held to celebrate Alex's twenty-first birthday.
Taylor was studying Mexican food and wanted to cook something spicy for dinner.
Carson worked hard today at their job and wanted to go out to eat.
Aubrey took Robin's money but was quickly caught by police.
lee was in a boat and saw a ghost in the water.
Skyler and their spouse decided to start a family. Now Skylar ate for two.
tracy was a fair person so she asked lee to give it back.
Jordan ate healthy food.  They cooked their own food at home.
Lee hid behind a door, jumped out and scared Quinn to death.
Bailey told Robin he knows about Robin's affair with the neighbor but is willing to forgive.
Cameron returned home with a bag of candy to eat all night long.
Riley turned the hot water on and waited for it to warm up.
Ash smiled and welcomed Cameron back from vacation after not seeing each other in months.
Casey has a job as a data analyst, so people say that Casey crunches numbers.
Aubrey went to a routine doctor visit and found out she was dying of cancer.
Taylor made Kai attack in order to get rid of the enemies.
Kai had heard through rumors that Jordan's girlfriend was planning a break up so Kai wanted to tell Jordan to give him a heads up.
Bailey ran across the street to get some lunch from the store.
Jesse asked friends for suggestions on which dog to get.
Sasha brought their dog to the ocean and the dog played with all of the other dogs.
Jesse took Kendall's clothes to the dry cleaner right before the wedding.
Jan played Jordan the best speech in history and Jordan realized that they loved hearing speeches.
After sensing a presence, Remy looked up and returned Alex's gaze.
Addison was driving recklessly and they almost hit Remy while Remy was walking down the road.
Jesse produced Austin's results successfully in the science lab at school.
Bailey bake a cake to celebrate the holiday and asked their neighbor to come over.
Quinn is Remy's supervisor at the company they work for.
Quinn looked at Lee's children as her own. Quinn bought a gift for Lee's children.
Lee trued to turn Taylor's focus onto anything else but the video game they were playing.
Kai knew every thing about the chemistry that was taught at school.
Aubrey made sydney an explanation to give the teacher about the missing assignment.
Aubrey did not want to go to bed, she wanted to stay up late and watch the movie that was coming on.
Alex kept Aubrey's record of her school grades.
It was Jan's home and her rules, so Riley complied with Jan's wishes.
Sydney wanted to tell someone the secret she had. Sydney told Jan something that day.
Quinn maintained Riley's balance during his diet because she wanted to keep track of his food.
Cameron went to the carnival with his friend but when he left, he realized he left them behind.
Taylor and I are neighbors and today, on her way out took my daughter along to her dance class.
Casey went home with Cameron's father because she was found with a boy.
Sasha pretended to like it because she didn't want to hurt his feelings.
Jesse played video games with their friends every day after school instead of studying and doing homework.
Taylor raced Skylar's friend in their cars on the interstate.
Jan made a popular song. That song is now famous.
Jesse kept Robin's balance in order to make sure all the accounting was settled.
Kai played a prank on their parents because it was the first of April and it was their tradition.
Tracy had to move local people into the bunker because world war 3 had started and enemy is using bombs.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter a gift that was given at Sasha's wedding last year.
Remy leaves on their vacation relaxed and ready for a great time.
Tracy offered Bailey the opportunity to lead the team on an important new project.
Casey helps Remy get Remy's account in order after he made a total mess.
Carson was just made the executor of a rich person's estate, valued at over twenty five million dollars.
Aubrey gave Addison directions to the play because Addison was coming from out of town.
Addison argued Tracy's case, but was unsuccessful in convincing the jury that Tracy was innocent of the robbery.
Sasha called Kai when they learned that their apartment was condemned.
Sasha cut Cameron's hair herself instead of taking her to the hair salon yesterday.
Ash developed their skills in soccer and won an award for the best player.
Riley told Quinn that they would like to meet them at a party and dance.
Kai added water to the bowl to cook the vegetable soup for dinner.
Cameron went to the amusement park with their friends, so Cameron rode rides.
Cameron was yelled at by the other actor, so Cameron walked right off stage.
Aubrey left a bad review after her poor service  at the restauurant.
Taylor didn't have it himself, but he knew that he could get it from his friend.
Ash pulled out some cash and bought candy from the store.
Jesse changed the oil on the atv under his garage.
Skylar had worn their very favorite outfit to school that day.
Alex played a prank on his friends and his friends thought is was funny.
ash was thirsty after running so he got a glass of water.
Alex saw a bear in the woods and brought their fruit to the bear.
Remy got the job after searching for a long time.
Casey wrote a research paper about the hibernation process in bears.
Quinn drove through town to deliver food to his sick brother.
Jordan did not want anyone to see her results so she pushed the envelope away from Skylar.
Kai stood Quinn's ground in front of the whole class because she believed he was innocent.
Quin built their sandcastle with the sand at the beach and did well.
Jesse and Casey were good friends.  Jessey talked to Case about fun things.
His argument was totally on point, Riley threw a lot of uncertainty upon the subject and gave us plenty to think about.
Sydney didn't want to have to see him anymore so she turned Jordan's face away from the fire.
Alex loved all instruments but in particular, she was happiest when she tickled the ivories.
Austin thought it was cute the way his girlfriend made him lunch.
Jesse called all her friends to go to the park and play some frisbee.
Casey resisted every temptation when trying to get their homework done for class.
Austin made plans together with their friends to go to the movie.
Quinn's mother set up a playdate with Kendall, the son of her friend Jackie.
Quinn called the landlord to alert him of the failing air conditioner.
Carson enjoyed spending time alone at the beach this summer, but was happy to get home.
Sydney volunteered her time at the homeless shelter and affected many lives.
Kendall cleaned the messy basement before their new boyfriend came over to their home for the first time.
Aubrey has insomnia the night before, but slept easily the next night.
Lee wanted to see Addison's store so he went with Addison to the store.
Alex kissed Lee deeply on their first date together.
Alex gave money to their mother to go get some snacks.
After the couple went on their honeymoon, Cameron gave them time alone.
Austin took up Robin's residence while he was on vacation.
Kendall invited Kai to stay in their house for a few day.
Remy was desperate for money. He decided to sneak up on Bailey and steal her wallet.
Seeing her sister for the first time in awhile, Sasha opened their arms wide.
Sasha bumped into Tracy in the hallway and told her she looked tired.
Jesse was heading out and wanted to let her roommates know, so Jesse wrote a note on the board in the kitchen.
Riley couldn't help but notice Sydney and so she made fun of Sydney every day.
Alex saw the price of the laptop he wanted. He considered another choice.
Sasha had Cameron water his plants while he was away on vacation.
Casey decided to help out a lot and helped Robin finish her work.
Sydney put the boxes in storage in order to keep the comics safe.
Taylor received a new electric guitar for their birthday but didn't know how to play it. So, Taylor learned how to play the guitar.
Austin called a friend to consider their options and the others thought she should come meet them.
Alex's boyfriend gave her flowers and candy on their date last night.
Addison found the movie Groundhog Day to funny and watched it four times.
Taylor was a traveler, and had stayed in the small village for several days, but had now seen everything there was to see, and Taylor resumed their journey.
Austin visited Skyar's uncle on Tuesday with Skylar and saw the city.
Addison needed dinner but was very busy, she threw a hot pocket into the microwave.
Remy covered Alex's body with sand after Alex asked him to participate in a prank.
Kai gave Addison a shake when Addison was freaking out.
Sasha increased their understanding of math after hiring a tutor.
Kendall focused her magical energy and maintained Jesse's existence through force of will alone.
Aubrey sent text messages to all of her friends.
Austin was so mad today he had Taylor by the short hairs.
Addison did something special for Riley by buying Riley a giant teddy bear made out of silver.
Sasha accomplished their work objectives for the day.
Carson handed out a consent form before the procedure. They derived their powers from the consent form.
Sydney replied to their friend and then tried to come up with something better to say to them.
Riley broke a chandelier that belonged to Kendall. Riley cost Kendall a lot of money.
Bailey bought candy before Bailey went on biking for a long trip.
Jan spent all day searching for a place to eat but was getting too hungry to look any further.
Sasha bought some beer at the store and brought it back to their house.
Addison played kick ball every day at recess until they hurt their knee.
Austin didn't need their shoes anymore and didn't know what to do with them. Austin sold their shoes in the market.
Jesse desperately grasped onto Addison's hand as Jesse slipped on the edge of the volcano.
Casey was trying to organize so Casey set their books in order.
Riley cut their hand because they refused to wear gloves when splitting wood.
Skylar was preparing to run a marathon and ran everyday to prepare.
Aubrey no longer wanted to work for the company so they tendered their resignation.
Remy learnt to skateboard by getting on the board and practicing a few times.
Kendall had no eye for interior design, so Austin decorated Kendall's house for them.
Taylor put the argument another way when her students couldn't understand her.
Kai limited Riley's use of the drug in an attempt to wean them off the toxic substance.
Sasha settled with Bailey out of court to save Bailey the embarrassment.
Lee was at the grocery store with their mom getting everything for the party tomorrow.
Bailey played a part in the development of the company and had great influence.
Jordan set up shop with all his new creations at the craft show.
Kendall drove her brother to school and gave him a kiss as he left the car.
The winter storm was coming and Ash needed to stock up. Ash made haste to the store.
Kai got a girlfriend and then proposed to her that next year.
Bailey felt sore after what happened last night.
Jordan asked for two hot dogs but Ash forgot and only bought him one.
Alex bought Carson's phone and it was really nice.
Robin was expecting a guest so she prepared to introduce them to the class.
Lee ate Riley alive and then vomited her up.
After taking a notepad out of his apron, Austin waited on Sasha.
A group of friends wanted to do two different things one night and Cameron took sides with the ones that wanted to play video games.
Aubrey asker her older sister Tracy questions about their deceased parents.
Jan was the new girl at school. Jan fit in well with the other kids she met.
Bailey had a big garden and the grasshoppers completely destroyed it.
Bailey was outspoken and expressed her ideas.
Kai was driving to Alaska on a gravel road. Kai made it halfway there.
Because it wasn't their time to shine, Sasha took a backseat to their coworker.
Tracy played football with her friends in the afternoon after school.
Jesse was horrible at saving money, they nickled and dimed everything.
Addison filled Jan's mouth with whipped cream while they were in the kitchen.
Jesse wanted to play baseball, but his mother told him to put all of the leftovers away first.
Aubrey was so proud of his work that she showed Bailey's appreciation.
Bailey rented the managing properties for a fee and gave people brochures.
Quinn gave Bailey the best of everything.  Bailey deserved it for being a good son.
Tracy lost her favorite earring at her best friend's house.
Aubrey made a picture of her friend's family and showed Remy's mom when it was done.
Austin worked at a minimum wage job. He applied for different vacancies and got another job.
After repeatedly being talked down to by his subordinates, Lee decided to fire another employee.
Riley went to the mall with their mom and bought new clothes.
Addison was tired but the hotel was two hours away so she continued the course.
Taylor needed an answer to her problems and asked another person.
Aubrey and Addison performed their dance routine for the audience at the function.
Aubrey gave Addison directions to the play because Addison was coming from out of town.
Ash took the test and got a very good grade on it.
Ash saw Jesse last week before Jesse left the country to take the new job.
Quinn lost her husband. It was sudden and unexpected and she was perplexed.
Lee gave Sydney a call to see if she wanted to spend time with him.
Addison went to see Robin and bring some lunch for the break.
Remy threw sand into the air forgetting that it would come back down and land in their eyes.
Remy spent the day playing video games and didn't study and then failed the test.
Quinn surprised us with a party and wanted us to enjoy the night.
Tracy saw the police behind her so Tracy sped away.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple dollars to get by due to financial hardship.
Alex carefully followed the car to downtown to meet people for a party.
Tracy fixed Riley's flat tire so he could drive his car again.
sydney did something terrible so she dropped to carson's knees.
Kendall fell between two stools while sitting at the bar with friends.
There was a great sale at the mall and Austin bought a new sweater.
Remy's car got stolen and he had to walk to work one day.
Aubrey lost their son in the woods, and ran around screaming their name.
Sasha found something to do after laying around being bored for half the day.
Tracy declared unto them the commandments of the word of god.
Carson asked Addison to forgive him for taking his last drink.
Taylor provided a foster home for children and it was a red house with lots of toys.
Lee visited their brother in another town after they had moved out already.
Sasha offered a refund to all the others who had not heard about the offer yet.
During music class Jan continuously struck every key on the piano while the teacher was talking.
Riley took their friend to a restaurant so that they could surprise them for their birthday.
Aubrey challenged Tracy's friends to a game of hide and seek for an hour.
Quinn selected another option than their friends when ordering their meals.
Quinn conducted their business for the day and then got dinner.
Jordan brought their pets together so they could feed them and give them a treat.
Quinn exercised their right to remain silent when the police arrested her.
Casey created a go fund me account for the people that suffered from the flood.
Jan threw an apple at the teacher in a fit of wild frustration.
Remy told Quinn that he liked her and wanted to date her and get to know her.
Riley read the bible every single day. Riley went to church every Sunday with parents.
Sydney worked well in business to get a deal that would make a ton of money.
Jordan wound Jesse's knee playing football at camp that summer.
Jan promised to spend the rest of their life with Quinn and make her happy.
Jesse thought he had misheard Riley and asked for clarification.
Jordan and her sister had an extra ticket for the concert and their friend could not afford to buy one so Jordan gave their friend the extra ticket.
Carson agreed to take Ash to school but forgot it pick them up for school in the morning.
Casey bought a new boat and took it out on the water.
Quinn took dessert away from Jesse even though Jesse was not yet done eating it.
Tracy discussed at length the views of the people at the town hall meeting.
sasha gave robin the address to the party but robin lost the address shortly after.
Robin took Lee far away to a distant land for adventure.
Austin sold their art in the market to raise money for the children in the community.
Riley left nothing to the imagination as they revealed everything to their husband.
Taylor had borrowed Alex's bike to go to the park. Taylor left Alex's bike there.
Ash got punched in the face and had to run home in terrible pain from this ordeal.
Robin baked a cake all day for the surprise birthday party tomorrow.
Sydney sat next to Jan on the first day of school. Sydney become Jan's friend.
Alex ate some food that was left for him by his parents.
Kendall reached their year and celebrated by going to the pizza place.
skylar was a math teacher so she enhanced tracy's understanding of a difficult math equation.
Sasha developed an attitude about Austin and they got into a nasty fight behind the school.
Bailey had been wanting to do something about convincing the animal shelter in town to become a no kill shelter. So he joined forces with the volunteers for this cause.
Jesse was going to quit the team because of his grades. Jesse told their coach last night.
Bailey planted several rows of vegetables and herbs in the early spring.
Taylor got some friends together to watch a movie with them.
Austin got the furniture anyway, despite needing a loan to do so.
Riley saw their boss at work when she was supposed to be off.
Sydney kept lie apart from the commotion cuz he didn't want to see all the blood.
Jesse goes to a casino every time they have extra money. Jesse never leaves until they lose every cent of their money.
lee asked for extra mayo on his burger and found it to be enough.
Kendall had a book she wanted to give to Aubrey, so Kendall brought out the book to give.
Kai saw a doctor. She had been putting it off out of fear of bad news.
Jesse went back to the house with her friends afterwards.
Robin tried to start early and get ready for the day and find her glasses.
Sasha sat at Bailey's computer and went online to play some fun video games with friends.
Jordan was going to be late, do although it was a beautiful day they continued to walk hastily.
Jan opened one eye after the teacher told the class to close their eyes.
Kendall went halfsies with his friend on a large two topping pizza.
Lee drove Casey's children home after school before going to the store.
Everyone was giving Ash birthday presents, so Sydney also gave Ash a present.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck because they loved them.
Bailey took Quinn aside to talk about the surprise party they were planing for their freind.
Carson forgot to bring the book but Carson was under a lot of stress, so Aubrey gave Carson a break.
Jesse ate a lot of homemade food in her kitchen on the table.
Bailey got the better of Addison in the card game so they decided to play again.
Tracy kept their boss away until they could get the birthday cake ready to present to him.
Jesse met a girl online and took her on a date to a bar.
Riley was given Lee's problems who put it off upon them.
Addison wanted to be a great teacher, so she discussed lessons in detail.
skylar was done borrowing the pencils so she brought them back.
Taylor watched tv at night with their boyfriend while laying in bed.
Riley decided to start doing better in school so she had her act together.
Tracy was jealous of Lee, so last night at the party she took Lee's life.
Wanting to get them on an even-keel, Robin cleared Kai's mind of thought.
Casey broke her ankle and couldn't run so she held the team back.
Alex's two good friends have not been talking to each other.  Therefore, Alex had put the two together to resolve their issues.
Tracy always teased her partner, but might change her behavior because there are signs she goes too far.
After some serious negotiations, Quinn finally agreed to the contract.
Robin will leave Aubrey soon because their relationship has too many problems.
Bailey took Quinn aside to speak to them about money that turned up missing from the cash register.
Alex made food for her boyfriend and the others that were with him.
Skylar was struggling to pass the math course, so Skylar decided to hire a tutor.
Ash loves dogs but cannot have any at his house since his wife is allergic to them.  Ash trained the dog to help it understand commands.
Kendall told her class about what she had learned from the book on butterflies.
Taylor helped Kai to lose weight after Kai had the baby.
Ash went to kill Addison, so he got a giant knife and some sneaking shoes.
Lee made Alex popular by introducing him to everyone.
Aubrey filled Riley's tank with fuel at the station after Riley was low on gas.
Robin was swinging her arms around and broke Quinn's glasses.
Kendall gave birth to a new baby in the hospital last night.
Kendall studied hard over the semester, so Kendall got straight As.
Remy sent a care package to a friend in Vietnam.
Skylar did not like any of the ideas that her friends came up with and said no to them.
Alex ate something healthy and felt really good.
Jesse opened their lips and prepared to kiss someone but they pulled away from Jesse.
Taylor's TV seemed to be broken, but eventually Taylor got the TV working.
Jesse got down on the ground and slowly straddled Riley's hips.
lee killed the dog , but can not kill the cat.
remy wanted to show his teacher something so he took the book to school.
Jesse was going to spend the summer reading, but lost their eyesight after a book purchase, so Jesse took the books back to the store.
Aubrey went hiking with friends and had a great time.
Addison had some extra time and was able to take Tracy to the airport.
Kendall performed the speech on their behalf so that they would know all the information.
Remy gave Sydney plenty to think about for the next homework assignment.
Jan started another argument and felt really bad about what they did.
Tracy took away the food from the dog so it didn't get a stomach ache.
Austin grinned back at Bailey as they jumped into the lake at the same time.
Quinn recently made money online and went to a place for dinner.
Cameron felt a bump in Robin's leg and suggested going to the doctor to get it check out.
Austin proclaimed dishonor to the captives after the judgment was decided by the community.
Austin bought a new dress for their girlfriend, and then put it in a gift box.
Ash showed up to the house with a nintendo switch to play with riley. Playing with Ash cured Riley's bordom.
Cameron works in Human Resources, has been doing interviews all week, and finally hired a new worker.
Jesse gave his life at work by jumping in front of the car to stop it.
Lee fell asleep in the car while sitting in the passenger seat of the bus.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas to go gambling.
Bailey cooked their first meal for their friends and everyone enjoyed the food.
Carson always admired their clothes and wanted to buy the same clothes but had to get a job to make money.
Kendall played ball with Ash's dad to get ready for the team tryouts.
Robin's child was sick at school so Robin came straight from work.
Robin kept their family together while on the trip to Texas during the winter.
Sydney washed Remy's feet with some soap that she had laying around.
Sasha wanted to block sunlight from coming in, so they pulled the curtains back together.
Bailey had always wanted to try catching their own fish. Robin took Bailey fishing.
Alex didn't understand the topic being discussed, so Bailey spread forth her knowledge.
Riley gave a thumbs up to her friend when she finished her math test.
bailey was an amazing religious pastor so she brought belief to christ.
Austin reached their goals before the deadline without any help from anyone else.
Ash got an autograph from the famous baseball player.
Sydney got her mind off it by meditating in the garden.
Casey wanted to try something new at the diner. He orders fried okra to try it.
Jordan wanted to pass his test so he reproduced the text in the book.
Cameron and their friends decided to volunteer their time. Cameron put in over a hundred hours.
Kai quietly went into the woods and shot a deer.
Remy put his arm around her neck and softly whispered, "Don't worry.".
Sasha asked for Sydney's advice on which outfit to wear.
Cameron was playing a video game against their friend Bailey.
Austin built Quinn's house and it ended up really nice.
Sydney put the boxes in the new storage unit they just got.
Kendall borrowed a book and needed to return it now that she was finished.
Addison worked well in business administration and liked their career.
Lee retraced his steps through the mall until he got his phone back.
Alex's mom begged him to go see a doctor about his infected toenail for weeks. Finally, he called the  doctor and made an appointment.
Remy read every sentence of the book before she went to school.
Jordan found Jan's slick back exciting and very sexy to look at.
Skylar told ALex how they felt and the agreed to change their plans.
Robin saw her friend at the mall and went to say hi to her.
Riley gave a one hour speech for Tracy because they were feeling sick.
Being an adventurous person, Sydney went kayaking as planned with her friends for a week.
Jesse asserted their right to keep their property taken care of in the court.
Kai was lonely and felt very insecure, so she did drugs yesterday.
Carson took some time off of work to go on a vacation with his wife.
Jan played volleyball in high school. She went on to play in the Olympics and won a medal.
Austin still talked to Casey about the old days and wanted to go on a trip.
Taylor tore Addison's eyes away from the tv screen when the grizzly murder occured.
Ash made it to the store with their friends after rushing to get there before it closed.
Tracy told Jesse the good news about some new business that they had gotten into.
Remy was leaving to go off to college that afternoon. Cameron told Remy to call.
Bailey was Jesse's nurse. He met her family at church. Jesse thanked Bailey's family for Bailey's support.
Taylor left Casey alone and went off to the lake to fish for the day.
Casey put Tracy's hands up to see if the hands would go up quickly.
Robin scratched Quinn's head because it looked like it needed a good scratching.
casey wanted to please jan so he got her a present.
jesse hosted a party at their house so others could meet new people and have a good time.
Alex assisted his friend in identifying what fruit it was they were getting.
sydney was asked out on a date but she was already another man's girl.
Taylor filed Lee's application for unemployment benefits after he got laid off from his job.
Robin brought the paperwork to trial after her associates forgot to grab the briefcase they were in.
Carson made a night of it and spent that night coming up with a solution.
Carson offered Kai a job, but Kai was unsure. Carson persuaded her to accept the job.
Remy has always known what she wants and she never hesitate to say it straight.
Carson had a black eye from getting into a fist fight there.
Remy wanted to play hockey with their friends, so Remy got a team together.
Carson needed help painting his house. Lee hired a painter for him.
Kai went home after work. They were tired after a long day.
Alex signed up for a programming contest with his colleagues and to his surprise, he won the contest.
Robin liked to spend time writing in her free time.
Bailey rides their bike home from school everyday then goes out to play football with all their friends in the street.
Robin supported their wife's decisions about who does what around the house.
Tracy declared unto them the rules. The rules were stupid and unecessary.
Lee felt Casey's presence while he was driving the car.
jordan cant keep his mouth shut, he told everyone what addison said.
Remy took her friend to school every day for the last 3 years.
Trouble was caused later on as Quinn started to become more troublesome.
Jan wanted to catch up on the day's events before going to bed.
When the class was outside on the playground for recess, Robin jumped rope.
Robin went to the gym every single day to do some workouts.
Skylar sent her dad a text saying she wouldn't be home in time for curfew.
Lee has never been camping before but is planning a camping trip in a dangerous area. Jesse tells Lee many stories about camping teaching Lee about details of camping.
Jan and Kendall went to a casino together. While Kendall was in the bathroom, Jan used Kendall's chips in a game and lost them all.
Jan gathered together the group so they could go to the zoo.
Austin told Sasha he would wait in the car so she could take her time.
Cameron moved Riley's things out of the apartment to leave.
It was their anniversary.  Carson joined their husband for dinner.
Jordan was shout to take the most important test of his life but he remained calm.
Taylor got a 100 on the test after studying all week.
Ash stood next to Jordan in the kitchen. Ash asks Jordan to get out butter, bread, and cheese and a frying pan.
Sasha heard fire engines and had a call from her neighbors that her building was on fire. She moved quickly towards the front door.
Kai was scared to sleep in the dark on their own, so Taylor told Kai's parents what was going on.
Austin had three children and was a really good dad.
Looking to get some spiritual comfort and guidance, Kai attended church.
Riley moved quickly while she was at work.
Carson immediately picked the money up when he realized it was falling out of his pockets.
Robin entered with Taylor's agreement after Robin and Taylor worked on it all night.
Alex brought the tree to their yard, which had plenty of fruit to bear.
Riley expressed Kendall's feelings to others behind her back.
Aubrey is a twelve year old girl who lives in Virginia, and she is always very happy.
Jesse went to the bathroom and locked the door behind them.
Quinn became Taylor's friend. Taylor was very glad when she thought about it.
Tracy carried Alex umbrella who was his girlfriend who he loved very much.
Jordan made a joke and Carson turned and looked at them.
Jan applied themself to the homework and got a lot done.
Ash ate pancakes for breakfast and had a big cup of coffee with the pancakes.
Cameron persuaded all the people in the audience to give attention.
Kendall walked a mile in Skylar's shoes after finding and stealing Skylar's shoes on a beach.
It was picture day for the students, so Riley took Aubrey's picture.
Jan used the horn after they started the car to Get Bailey to hurry up.
Kai asked Robin to turn their music down during dorm quiet hours.
Tracy got an unexpected inheritance and then started a business.
Jordan spent more time on housework because they had guests coming over this evening.
Skyler decided if he couldn't manage his workload and all his clients, he would give the business to Audrey.
Aubrey and Riley forged an alliance, but Aubrey had made other alliances with Riley's enemies and didn't intend to honor this alliance.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree to grow and it produced some delicious apples to make apple pie.
Tracy turned toward Casey and asked to pass the potatoes.
Addison returned home that evening in time to get a good nights rest before a long day of work.
Cameron was falling asleep in class when the professor called on them. Without any other choice, Cameron had a stab at the question.
Sasha was Skylar's prom date and Sasha broke it off.
Sydney made poor choice and others said the they wrote their own ticket.
Carson started dating Aubrey, so they went to the coffee shop as their first date.
Kai let Robin sleep because Kai was already rested, its Kai turn to make guard.
Taylor was chatting online and got asked him out so Taylor agreed, so taylor got ready for the date then headed out the door to the restaurant to meet up.
Jesse keeps Robin balanced on the tightrope so they do well in the circus.
Lee got a balloon and filled it with plenty of water.
Quinn was standing on the end of the board. Quinn filled their lungs with air and started to run.
Aubrey decided to buy a new fan because the other one broke.
Austin was at a haunted house, and Austin seen a ghost.
Addison was sick and wasn't sure if she was going to make the championship. Addison felt better and made it there.
Casey went down the road to pick up a new package of food.
The patient was scared but Taylor improved their mindset.
Sydney belonged to the Cameron group that met every weekend at the lodge.
Riley took all of one and everyone was angry at them for it.
Robin assumed Sydney expression was that of joy from the big smile.
After weeks of careful research, Robin landed a new job with higher pay.
Riley proved god's law by teaching sunday school for the homeless children.
Aubrey had tried a new recipe for dinner that night and asked her kids how they liked it. They said it wasn't very good.
Alex went up to and badly harmed another person's body .
Sasha is a lawyer for their mother's estate.
Casey decided to go on a hike however it started to rain.
Alex is a partner of Jordan's, and Alex is bringing some tea they made earlier to their seat.
Riley found their dad a new watch, stole it from the store and got caught.
Skylar became worse with the flu because they would not take their medicine.
Sydney wanted Kendall to come with her to the concert. Sydney asked Kendall's parents for her.
Bailey was sad after their dog died. Bailey got a new dog.
Sasha dragged them out of bed because they were running late.
Sydney craves a pizza but not the calories, so she ordered a sub instead.
Skylar went back to the store after forgetting to buy butter for the cookies they were baking.
Austin watched a very sad move and realised they were getting sad so they ran their best friend to cheer them up.
Jesse found some money next to the side of the road and put it in his pocket.
Quinn waited an hour to eat. That was far too long for them to enjoy it.
Sasha made decisions for Remy that led to Remy losing her business.
Casey met their future spouse at a bar. It was an odd place to find them.
Carson's house was on fire after there was a cooking mishap and needed help.
Aubrey told Kai meant no harm by the innocent comment.
Robin called the authorities on their neighbor because she thought they were someone breaking into their house.
Remy gave Cameron the benefit of using her parking pass when he visited the city.
After months of putting in work and reaching out, Bailey established relations with Kendall, although Kendall was hesitant.
Jan showed Alex signs of life as he began to awake from his coma.
Kai took the bike to a repair shop and they were able to fix the bike right away.
Ash set their phone alone on the busy shore while they went swimming in the ocean.
Aubrey made Lee go to work by threatening to fire him if he keeps on skipping work, Lee really needs the job.
Jesse thanked Bailey's sister for getting Bailey to support her on her dreams.
Case attended a new school and they met new friends.
Cameron was leaving for work when he saw his good friend Casey in the parking lot.
Tracy rushed to Alex's side when Alex started crying so much.
Riley stopped talking to Cameron after Cameron spread lies about him to their friends.
Tracy finally received the package in the mail and they ripped open the package.
Jan hired Cameron to help move her furniture into her new apartment.
Alex ate potato vegetables and not a lot of meat.
Robin had just met Addison that day and they were already invading her privacy. Addison gave Robin an uneasy feeling.
Jordan took Austin's role after Austin had to drop out.
Taylor was walking in the woods hunting for morel mushrooms and became excited.
Someone threw a football at Sydney's head on accident, so Jordan caught the football and saved Sydney's head.
Lee had left their stuff all over the room, so Robin put Lee's things away.
Lindsay gave Kai a bag with his birthday present. Kai decided to open the bag.
Lee and Carson had been online friends for a year. Lee met Carson in person.
Carson started coughing at the doctor's office because he was very sick.
Riley and their friends were having a Halloween movie marathon, and they took a break before Riley began another movie.
After days of hard work and pratice, Alex learnt Addison's teachings well. Now Alex is able to work on her own and make good money.
Ash needed to see Kai about the drugs that Kai has been taking.
Alex took a pregnancy test with positive result after trying so hard for a long time.
Bailey had a huge project to get done at work, and not enough time. So Bailey cut corners.
It was taylor's grandmother's birthday so Taylor bought a beautiful necklace and gave the gift to their grandmother during a family dinner party.
Tracy had difficulty expressing their desires. After much consideration, Tracy told Jordan what they wanted.
Addison returned the book that evening, even though she hadn't finished reading it.
Lee and Riley pretended that their box was a prison. Lee sent Riley's toy army to the box.
Remy thought about what could happen and imagined that it would feel bad.
Quinn loved dogs, but he couldn't have one in his apartment so he signed up to volunteer at a dog shelter.
Skylar grabbed a weapon and chased Carson away after Carson broke and entered.
Lee was recently hired as a delivery man, and Lee delivered pizza to Austin's house.
Robin went to an event that recurred every single year.
Kai fell from his bike when he raced down the road.
Lee met today's goal very easily and quickly.
Sasha had never had pudding before but loved sweets. Sasha knew she would like pudding.
Sasha received Taylor's share of the peanut M&Ms, the only snack they had that day.
Casey went to the zoo with her friend Bob and they had a really nice time there.
Jan camped with friends after a long week at work where nothing meaningful was accomplished.
Skylar washed Cameron's hair and helped into his pajamas before bed.
Carson resolved Sasha's problems by talking to them after school.
Cameron got a hit in the game not looking at what they were doing.
Jordan spilled red wine and worked hard to get the stain out with no success.
Kai fed Remy's dog. and gives food for that dog.
Kai's opinion was related by Carson through careful thought and assessment.
Tracy started a business and did really well at what they did.
Quinn rushed to the hospital when they received the call their son was hurt.
Skylar found food in the freezer that she could eat for dinner.
Jordan gave Taylor the right utensil to use for the dinner tonight.
Aubrey dug down with the shovel and got Bailey's tree in the ground.
according to the article Quinn gave Carson an idea.
Austin told lies to pam about his bad cheating behavior.
ash wanted kendall to leave the party cause they had a big day tomorrow.
aubrey gained robin's independence so that robin could be free to do their art.
jan took her turn quickly so that everyone else could get to theirs.
Skylar's coworker's car was broke and needed a ride home, so Skylar agreed to do that.
Tracy was unsuccessful for a job due to their sex but Tracy fought for their rights, brought the company to court and won.
Carson flogged the log with the axe three times.
Robin patted Bailey's hand and got a nice chat about the weather.
Sydney preceded Robin in the parade and was dressed like a clown.
jesse wanted to flirt with remy so she laid on his back.
Every day when they woke up, Jordan started drinking alcohol immediately.
Taylor improved the patient's condition by helping them with diet, exercise, and herbal supplements.
Sasha gave their employee a raise after reviewing their job performance for that quarter.
After a lot of convincing, Aubrey finally made her sister believe she should apply for a new job.
Bailey was lonely but then they met Jan and became best of friends.  Jan really improved Bailey's life introducing them to some many new experiences.
Skylar saw his son wanted to play basket ball with other kids, so he taught their son basketball.
casey trusted austin so she listened to him and used his procedure.
Cameron took their arms and held them out them out to see how long they were.
Kai loved Carson even through all the insecurities that Carson had inside of them.
Bailey was hired to be a tutor and they developed Quinn's interest in reading.
Carson supported every team and was glad when one of his teams won the championship.
Carson couldn't believe that his roommates were blaring music at this hour. It woke him up.
Remy wrapped Quinn's arms around her because Quinn was feeling cold that evening.
Ash tried to find Addison after she didn't show up to the meet up spot.
Sasha resigned after having very bad personal experiences in Casey's office.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands toward the book.
Kendall took Quinn's friends out to dinner to celebrate.
Kendall sat down with Remy and impressed upon her to tell the truth.
Sydney was cooking soup and reduced the soup to a lower level.
While stretching on the couch Riley suddenly spilt Taylor's cup of soda.
Jordan had to make a quick run to the store but after 30 minutes she arrived back at the house.
Jesse told Lee a story to keep his mind off of his worries.
Lee served the food to their guests, but then noticed that it was cold.
Tracy was drafted by the NFL to be a star quarterback.
Aubrey saw Kai's friend robbing a bank.
Casey paid Carson a compliment after seeing him.
Aubrey drove to McDonald's, ordered a Big Mac and fries and got the food to go.
Kai had proven their ability to others.  Therefore, Jordan adopted Kai's approach.
Ryley is in Skylar's class in college and they have known each other for a long time.
Skylar got a hamburger for lunch because they didn't have any cheese.
Lee was a hero.  They met the nation's King.
Carson took their parents to the car dealership and let them look.
Cameron killed their son by tickling him over and over.
Jordan gave Casey example sentences for their school work.
Jan found fingerprints on the table and used those the identify the criminal.
Jan established a relationship with the spouse by buying her meals every night.
After a long day at work and eating dinner, Bailey fell asleep on the couch.
Sasha was running against Carson for class president. Carson launched an attack on Sasha.
Kai took Jesse to the doctor's office to get a bit better by tonight.
Jordan brought the ball to Sasha's end so Sasha didn't have to go all the way to the other end to get the ball.
Tracy raised an eyebrow at Aubrey when suggesting the plan.
Tracy served the tables well and was awarded a tip by the customers.
Jordan wanted their assistant Riley to get coffee, so Jordan put a cup on Riley's desk. They hoped Riley would get the hint.
Robin had some extra food from lunch and wanted to share it.
Skylar mounted a response after Kai asked her a question.
Kendall slipped on a wet spot and crashed to the floor, breaking his arm.
Casey wanted to give her nieces a present so she spent the day running around with them at the amusement park.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter to pick up their dog that they dropped their for shots.
Quinn and his friends were talking about the new race car out. Quinn owned one and wanted to show it off.
Robin moved house and decided to decorate, Robin sprayed paint on the wall to colour it.
Cameron missed the bus and had to ask someone to help them get home instead.
Kai was running a race and trying to make it to the finish.
Taylor persuaded the family to adopt a son even though they already had many children.
Tracy invited all of their friends to a pool party at their house that weekend.
Jesse decided to make some food so he went into the kitchen.
Jan cooked the pasta until it was ready to eat.
Taylor saved the patient's tooth after it was knocked out in a car accident.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat and told her not to tell anyone else.
Riley was really really good at math that he decided to study pure math in collage.
Ash crashed her old car and wanted to buy a new car.
Kendall put the lego pieces back together after knocking them down.
Alex took part in the fundraiser and raised a lot of money for the cause.
Robin has been ridden the bus since Robin started working on the new job at downtown.
Taylor used their hands to mold some clay that they had with them.
Riley research the interest got Robin the answer on her many questions.
Jessie was out of work due to a wreck so Sasha paid their bills.
Skylar dyed their hair green because St. Patrick's Day was coming up.
Skylar constructed another model and showed it off to the judges for review.
Skylar took us out to lunch for my birthday and we had a lot of fun.
Ash is relaxing and having a good day off work.
A new professional drummer joined the band and took over Taylor's spot, who also played the drums.
Jan and Quinn escaped out of the bank so she helped him get out.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend and told them what had happened.
Sasha took their family to the zoo to see all of the different animals.
Addison wanted to clean his room. He got tired of seeing it the way it was.
Alex used Bailey's powers in order to defeat the oncoming darkness.
The video game was getting competitive but Taylor had a secret weapon. With fingers crossed, Taylor made Kai attack the army.
Sasha and Jan were both hiding in a diamond mind while militia questioned people in the village. They were separated when they heard gunshots and Jan will never see Sasha again.
It's Tracy's birthday and Jesse is going to her party at the bowling alley.
Riley was surprised by the confrontation so Riley grabbed his keys and left.
Quinn and Riley were walking through the forest together. Riley slipped and fell to her knees. Quinn reached out their hand to Riley.
Ash asked Taylor to call their mom because Ash wanted to go home early.
Jordan was fired up about going to see the new movie out.
casey was a generous person so she covered their costs.
Cameron broke my leg accidentally playing soccer together today.
carson was his own person so he made sure to march to the beat of a different drum.
Kendall gave Robin flowers for the big dance this coming Saturday night.
Kai played a prank on their parents on april fools day last weekend.
Tracy ate lunch together with her boss and another one of their friends.
Addison decided to put Kendall's plan of work into action themselves.
riley was considerate and thoughtful so he got jordan a gift.
Despite losing out in the interview, Sydney wished Robin success at her job.
Lee married her best friend and many people went to the wedding.
Sasha called my friend on the phone and talked about the weather for hours.
Kendall began to laugh at the movie. It was unintentionally funny and hard not to.
sydney wanted to protect jordan so she turned his face away from the fire.
Lee devised a sure fire plan that was going to work. The man wasn't sure but Lee justified the plan to the man.
Tracy kicked the neighbor out of the house after they refused to get rid of their 10 loud dogs.
Carson was born with muscular dystrophy but a new technology prompted him to try and walk for the first time.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers away after they made an attempt to undo their jeans.
Casey only invited some of her friends to the party.
Jessie obey jans orders because she was his mom.
Ash played a game of poker every Tuesday.
Taylor knocked Kendall off his perch when she outshined him.
Kai was very excited to be throwing a Halloween party for their friends. Kai decorated their house for the party.
Kai wanted to get married but everyone thought that Kai was not ready for it.
Sasha introduced another friend to the boy she met.
Austin was late often to appointments but he had a job interview early the next morning that he absolutely had to be on time for.
Austin made Robin's analysis known to the rest of the team so they could give feedback.
Kendall ate one cracker after another due to extreme hunger.
Alex always left early so he could avoid traffic.
Remy wrapped Quinn's arms around her in an effort to warm her up when she was outside.
Addison wanted to go to the doctor. Addison had felt a lump on her breast.
Tracy had some news that was very unexpected. She gathered her family together and dropped a bombshell.
Riley raced her friend to the stand that was selling the last two ice cream cones.
Addison received detention after the fight and felt bad that her and her friend had argued.
Tracy was not feeling well and when Quinn asked if she work a little faster, Tracy yelled and threw a book at her.
After getting medicine from doctor and going to the pharmacy, Cameron felt so much better.
Skylar was excited about her upcoming wedding as they went dress shopping.
Tracy layered blankets at Carson's feet and around their shoulders because Carson was very cold.
Casey married Kai. Casey cared for Kai's children like they were her own.
Carson saved a seat for Bailey right beside their seat at the movies.
Kai gave the wrong time to a person who asked for the time.
Jesse talked to Casey about anything Casey wanted when he visited Casey's house.
Bailey was a deceitful con man who duped the elderly into giving away their life savings.
Kai waited for the other shoe to drop and sure enough they received some very bad news.
Jesse saved money for years from their job. They were trying to save up for a car.
Lee caught the ball with his hands when he turned and saw it heading for him.
Ash called his friends and said that he wanted to go hang out with them.
Skylar skipped around the yard, he had never had so much space to roam before.
When they were invited to the dance and needed something to wear, Bailey looked in their closet.
Taylor didn't feel like working today, so she decided to save her work for later.
Jesse saw a Iphone left on a bench so Jesse returned the phone.
Austin ran along the side of the car while training for the marathon.
Skylar made a bomb which was going to be used to destroy the White House.
Bailey used trickery to control them and make them do what they wanted them to do.
Aubrey missed the opportunity that Riley tried to afford her and asked if it was still available.
Cameron thrust more work upon Taylor and then left early for the day.
Sydney brought Kendall's hand to the putter to show how putting was done.
Ash beat the clock. Ash was good with time management.
Austin gave Robin reason not to go. The reason was completely valid.
Kendall decided to follow his passion and try to make it.
Carson took lots of pictures while at the zoo yesterday.
Remy called everybody into the office for an all staff meeting.
Jan waved Robin's arms around because they were dancing in the street together.
Kai worked really hard leading up to the contest, but she lost.
Jordan said it another way because they did not understand.
cameron wasnt paying attention and he rear end the car in front.
Robin took Carson's phone away after seeing the report card.
Addison had done such a great job helping, Addison maximized Bailey's profits for the day.
Austin knew everyone was concerned about the upcoming storm so he occupied their time with work.
Kendall improved the design of the women's shoes at the company they worked for.
Austin built Quinn a house for Quinn's family in a good price.
Casey asked Jordan for help on their essay so Jordan gave Casey example sentences.
Casey booked a room at a luxurious all-inclusive resort in the Bahamas. Casey loved to travel.
Jesse held Jan's dog all night while the visited at her house.
Lee just rolled Quinn's eyes but then made a funny joke about the weather.
Bailey rode their bike home from a very far away location that they were at.
Jordan darkened Skylar's door for the last time when Skylar yelled at him to leave.
Sydney thought he gave the man the right to ride is bike.
Tracy played basketball  with Kai's friend all morning long.
Casey was a mechanic who was helping Addison with a car problem.
Sydney wrote their own play and printed tickets to her evening event.
Bailey was going on Vacation so Bailey learned to swim.
Alex was hired to paint Tracy's portrait. Alex painted the portrait so it was an exact realistic likeness of Tracy's image.
Jan enjoyed their trip to the beach and started getting ready to return home.
Sydney made a care package for their friend who was at the hospital.
Ash let his friend inside after he was banging on the door so loud.
Skylar changed Addison's place to look better by redecorating the entire thing.
Though their friends were asking many questions about what happened in court, Alex never said anything.
Ash is a geography teacher in a secondary school. Today Ash is showing the children all the different countries in the world so they use pins to represent places on the world map.
Jan bought a coffee as she did not sleep the night before.
Robin gave their niece money to buy a nice dress for prom night.
Lee identified every species on the list for his science project, including the extra credit ones.
Austin did not want to leave the beach they were staying at for vacation.
Sasha just got finished working her two jobs and is now exhausted and home.
Carson shared their husband's love of music by getting some files and playing them on the computer.
Kai asked someone for a ride when her car broke down.
Casey washed Tracy's hands with soap and water in the kitchen sink.
Carson was a hired to perform the wedding ceremony.Carson took Jordan's hand in Cameron's hand.
Kendall couldn't find a mother's day gift so she gave Taylor's flowers to her own mom.
Kai threw fish food into the water and the fish jumped up and splashed them.
Jesse was getting late to the event so Jesse decided to drive faster and speed.
Jordan ran the bases smoothly and felt good about getting a home run.
Tracy told Jan to take the lemonade out of the refrigerator.
Tracy inherited a boat from a close relative and decided to take the boat to sea.
Kendall always brought drinks for her friends because she made the most money.
Jan meant everything to Alex because they were so close to each other.
Skylar said something to Ash but it was lost over the howls of the rising wind.
Jan fitted the dress well on themself and made themself look nice.
Carson wore their helmet, which save their life when they fell off the bike.
Cameron told someone to get out of the house and run towards safety.
Aubrey  and her husband watched their favorite show in the room, last night before to bed.
Cameron took her pet to the veterinarian to have it looked at for some rabies.
Quinn was trying to get out of the situation but Jan wouldn't let him escape.
Addison took Robin's degree certificate and inspected it with curiosity and observant eyes.
Casey helped train Jesse for the job.
Even though their diet was going well, Jordan drank a soda as a small treat.
Jan complained to the manager about the poor service she was given.
Remy saw the band last night. They put on a great show.
Jordan took Kendall's phone away to prevent her from using it too much.
Carson invited Taylor to her house for a sleepover on Friday night.
Quinn and Jan fell in love in college. Jan spent the rest of her life with Quinn before passing away.
Kai brought home Alex's dog after she found him wandering the streets.
Jan needed to go home soon because she had to cook dinner.
Austin finally found one after looking for a tennis racket for a long time.
Sasha cut Cameron's hair herself yesterday after dinner before her shower.
Aubrey was having a fight with Kai. Aubrey decided to ignore and not say a work to Kai for the rest of the day.
Bailey used their wit to control the audience that was giving too much of an applause.
Addison grabbed Jordan's soccer equipment so that she could practice her skills outside.
Riley took the dog to the shelter after they realized they had to move to an apartment.
Robin is a philanthropist with a large foundation.
Sasha was driving on the highway, but they pulled over when they saw their tire was flat.
Jan worked as a domestic helper to Skylar, who was a writer. Jan became Skylar's element or muse.
Cameron thought outside the box when it came to his work in art class.
They needed more supplies for the party so Riley said they would bring some.
Quinn often got offended by people's normal remarks.
Austin did not want to leave the amusement park, but it was closing, and they had no choice.
After getting through the test with time left, Addison made sure of her answers.
Casey had just purchased a new car and drew Skylar's attention to the fact.
Jan inherited some downtown retail space and decided to open a store.
Working as a travel agent, Addison was able to book a trip to the Bahamas for Robin.
Addison checked Skylar's car for any problems and realized they would need a mechanic.
Quinn was writing and wrote a long story they liked.
Austin mention to Addison what was going on that day when he feell down.
Sasha entered Kai's house and watered her plants while she was away.
Skylar helped Addison move into a new place after their parents kicked Addison out.
Even though Jesse was having a bad day, Jesse faced every challenge well.
Kendall carefully drove around to avoid another speed bump.
Skylar watched internet shows all the time because it was the only thing they could afford.
Sasha missed their test this morning and now is flunking out of the class.
Cameron persuaded the audience to give attention to her sons performance.
alex was tasked with a new assignment so he got the project under way.
Alex knocked, waited a moment, and then entered their father's office.
Alex lost track of time and realized they had missed curfew. Alex hopped in their car and drove quickly down the road after looking at the clock.
Sydney went weeks on leave for her recent pregnancy that year.
Quinn had their wagon run over by a deer, so Kendall fixed Quinn's wagon to help them out.
Sasha kept Bailey informed on things while Bailey was out of town.
Bailey got a new dog after visiting several animal shelter and finally finding a perfect one.
She signed up for community college a few weeks ago. Jordan just started her first day.
Ash wasn't invited to the party even though he was supposedly a friend of the host.
Sasha summoned another demon in her dream and was having trouble sleeping.
Sydney put their toys on the floor instead of in the toy box.
Bailey told Kendall what they had done and hoped Kendall would forgive her.
Casey told the other people working with her that she wanted to work harder.
Taylor rolled around in the grass and avoided Sasha's eyes because she really liked her.
Carson depended other people to bolster their spirits when they were depressed. They were weak.
Jordan worked long and hard to be able to pay for his collage and pay his bills.
Kai finally conquered his fear of heights by jumping out of an airplane.
Taylor went on the stage and performed her magic act in front of everyone.
Aubrey pushed the card around the store when shopping for groceries.
Riley was moving away to start their freshman year at college.
Jordan expressed their appreciation to the people. They threw a parade in their honor.
Casey finally converted herself to Christianity on the advice of Kai, after years of not believing.
Even though there was a big storm, Remy threw a dinner party.
Jordan stood calmly in place while waiting for the bus to get their.
Sydney stayed home all day to finish a project instead of going out with her friends.
Skylar took a seat for the show and couldn't wait to see it.
Casey had been on the run for ten years, but Casey would stop eventually.
Sasha saw a spider and then ran away and hid in her room.
Jan wanted to join college volleyball team since they played volleyball in high school.
aubrey wanted to play a prank so he whipped his pencils across the paper.
Austin had Riley's back during the terrible fight.
Cameron drove a drunk Jesse home and laid hits keys on the table after he dropped off to sleep.
kai kept poking carson and annoying him, so kai left carson alone.
Kendall loved cats from the beginning when she got her first kitten at age 5.
Jordan's washer overflowed and flooded the laundry room. Jordan called a repairman.
Jordan was upset with Skylar so he pushed the bottles away from her.
Kai gave Alex work because Alex could not find a job.
Kai looked upset and Tracy decided to talk to Kai.
Skylar not only admired the artist, they even wrote a story about the artist.
Remy met Lee's objectives despite a tight schedule and high pressure.
Acting as a go between, Carson gave Bailey Kai's opinion, and has given a response to tell Kai.
Remy met Riley's neighbors and they seemed really nice and fun.
Aubrey showed appreciation for what Bailey did for them.
Kendall went to the mall and spent some money on a new purse.
Jordan raised Taylor's question because they needed to know the truth.
Austin loved to play out in the snow. Austin never wore mittens when he went out.
Carson was furious that he chipped Quinn's tooth with a hammer after aiming for the face.
Kendall was away at college and found out their father was sick and might not make it through the night. There were no flights until morning so they drove home.
Riley would be going to college away from home, so Riley showed their apartment to their parents.
Ash was having a hard time making ends meet, so Sasha sent Ash money.
Because he was shy and didn't have a father, Addison went to Ash for advice.
Remy bought Kendall a nice bike for her birthday and rode her own with her.
Taylor lied and told Alex they were going out of town to avoid going to Alex's party.
Riley was trying to hide a bone from her dog. Riley began digging a hole in the backyard.
Ash ate chicken for dinner. Then he went to the gym.
Quinn told Addison his secrets but Addison judged her harshly.
taylor was a fair man so he created a system for jordan to live by.
Addison used her bike all the time to get to the grocery store.
Addison line danced all night at the dance barn party.
Kai couldnt decide whether or not to go to the club so Sydney decided to make up Kai's mind and encourage them to go.
Riley carried his brother on his back for two miles until they reached the safe zone.
Carson got his license, so he drove a car.
Robin supported their wife's ambitions and agreed to be a home maker.
It was easy to believe that Kendall had been robbed, because Kendall's story fell within the scope of reason.
Casey hired Aubrey who was an attorney with very high reputation and years of experience to represent their case.
Aubrey helped Jan do her hair.
Kendall mentioned Alex's name at the trial, and now Alex's freedom is on the line.
Alex lived in Cameron's house for a long time and never cleaned up after themselves.
Taylor mopped the floor for an hour, getting every little bit of filth out.
Robin had a fever and felt like they might be coming down with a cold.
Remy saw Jordan get dust in their eyes and asked them if they needed anything.
Quinn was located in the Sydney area. She often joked to her friend Sydney about it.
sydney was angry at skylar so she punched her for stealing her boyfriend.
Sasha spent a lifetime studying biology since majoring in biology in college.
Cameron saw Aubrey steal something from the supply closet. Cameron told Aubrey's boss about it.
Aubrey moved back home after living a lonely life in an unfamiliar place where she didn't know anyone.
Tracy was visiting Grandma and after playing a few different games, Tracy challenged Grandma to an egg and spoon race.
Riley saw their boss after work when he went to the bar.
Sydney just met Bailey. They kissed Bailey's forehead.
Jordan didn't like driving on the highway, so Lee drove Jordan's car on the highway.
After keeping Quinn from becoming the best farter, Skylar took home his prize and ate more beans.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend into the ground with hatred in their eyes.
Jesse change Ash's diaper after she wouldn't stop crying.
Kai wanted to help Jesse with his campaign. Kai served Jesse's needs well.
Jan couldn't make the concert because she fell ill. Addison took Jan's husband with them instead.
Aubrey's niece was in town. Aubrey took Lee to the park for the day.
Riley hurt people's feelings that night after finding out about what happened.
Kendall asked questions in class for questions that she didn't know the answer to.
Bailey rounded the corner looking to score the winning run in baseball.
Sydney shut their face after they were being polite towards her.
Jesse wrote a song and sang it for his girlfriend who lvoed it.
Bailey was very mean to Austin and made Austin's enemy list.
Jan was trying to hide a surprise gift from Taylor by holding it behind her back, but when she was not paying attention, Taylor looked behind Jan.
Casey wanted to help out the community and decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen.
Jordan went on vacation and accidentally left Remy nothing to pay the rent with.
Skylar played games all night because they wanted to.
Bailey was very busy trying to set Sydney apart from others.
Sydney carried out Alex's plan because Sydney was the leader and Sydney was sworn to be loyal to Alex.
Kendall was really good at running so Kendall decided to challenge their friend to a contest to see who would win.
Remy was getting old and decided to retire. Remy closed up shop on his last day.
Sasha had a big test they didn't study for so Sasha had to pull an all nighter.
Casey drove drunk and accidentally crashed their car.
Kendall increased productivity by an incredible percentage and the company saw a lot of financial growth as a result.
Sasha called Lee to talk about the new Star Wars movie Return of the Jedi he'd just seen. When he called Lee's mom answered and he asked for Lee.
Carson was away at college. They studied all week.
Casey went to his garage on a cold morning and got into their car. After attempting to start the car, it stalled. Casey attempted to start the car a second time.
Taylor built a fire in the woods that lasted a few hours.
Skylar suddenly appeared with the snacks the made for their friends.
Robin found their stolen car on the side of the road after looking for it all weekend.
Sydney bit Jan's tongue while they were kissing because it was her first time kissing.
Jesse found the house they wanted to buy quickly and decided to make an offer.
Taylor took Carson's turn because he wanted to be first.
Robin landed a new job that is located six hours away from her.
Skylar was feeling neglectful so she started paying more attention to Riley.
Jan played volleyball on the beach and decided they would get something to drink.
While Skylar was out sick Remy held Skylar's meetings at the tower down the road.
Ash didn't have his own bike so he decided to make one.
Carson got a kiss from their wife.  They gave a kiss back.
Jan lived happily ever after with the person they fell in love with.
Alex went back and forth on whether or not to fire the girl for be late all the time.
Sydney spent a couple of hours working and decided she would rather spend the time relaxing.
Jan locks horns with everybody who they cross paths with in the office.
Austin's bike was stolen out of his yard, so he called the police. Sasha was found riding Austin's bike by the police.
People were bullying Riley, but Austin had Riley's back and defended him.
Sasha published another book and it reached the best seller's list.
Taylor persuaded the her to adopt instead of having a baby which was cruel.
Quinn attended their business meeting with a briefcase in their hand.
When a scary event happened in the movie they were watching, Quinn dug their nails into Casey's fingers.
Casey and Jan noticed that there were free samples in the grocery story, so Casey urged Jan to take some.
Kendall borrowed a book from the library and did some research on a subject she liked.
Cameron asked Casey to write the report because he was too busy with work.
Ash earned the money they needed to pay their monthly rent.
Casey recently got a new job, and they loved their new job.
Aubrey waited for Cameron to answer his phone after calling from home.
Ash walked their dog all around the neighborhood, waiting for it to go to the bathroom.
Kai was visiting from out of state and brought gifts for Quinn's family.
Kndall was having problems with viruses on her computer. Carson protected Kendall's privacy with a program.
Jordan was drunk one night and then crashed his car.
Quinn jumped the fence in order to catch their dog.
Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend after there was a nasty breakup.
Addison tried to explain the cause of the flat tire. Cameron didn't understand and just took Addison's word for it.
Lee sent Cameron and email inviting them to the party.
Robin kept Kendall on ice while she considered Kendall's marriage proposal.
Robin spoke what was on Alex's mind because she couldn't do it.
Sasha and Quinn were going to the dance together, but Sasha told Quinn they would meet there.
During an argument, Addison pulled out a knife and made a large incision in Bailey's arm.
Sydney made her birthday special for her daughter Amy as she was turning 7.
Carson met their sister at the store and gave her some money for the groceries.
Addison was in an ideological cult so Addison raised the flag, and looked to see who would salute it.
Jordan thanked the club for providing a big dinner for his team after winning the championship.
Jan couldn't hold it in anymore so she peed next to Austin's pants.
Sydney put the boxes in storage after filling them with her mother's belongings.
Addison knew one's secrets and kept them to herself in hopes the favor would be returned.
Tracy challenged the boy to race them while they were at recess.
Aubrey did her schooling justice when she completed the surgery.
Jordan told Riley hoped that things would get better.
Remy didn't want to take anything with him when he moved. Remy just left it all behind.
When she started her period unexpectedly, Sydney got bad cramps and had to take medication.
Riley accepted another sandwich because they were a lot hungrier than they thought.
Sydney replied back to his girlfriend who asked him a serious question with a generic text.
Jan appeared to be okay when their partner left for good.  However, Jan finally broke down crying.
Kai caught Remy in the act eating the cookies despite Kai's warnings that they were for later.
Lee got married in her hometown Tracy after several months of planning.
Jordan impressed Robin's girlfriend. This was common for him.
Aubrey invited her sister along to come to college with her.
Carson tried and won the competition after practicing for weeks ahead of time.
Sasha worked hard all year to have time off to spend Christmas with their kids.
Tracy was arguing with her mom Kendall and Kendall did not take Tracy's answer.
addison was a loving person so he hugged his mom.
Lee played tag all day, and ended up tagging all of their friends.
Kendall used his knowledge to maintain enough funds in the account for an entire year.
Addison went sledding outside and ended up sledding all of the day.
Cameron locked the safe after Taylor got out what they needed.
Skylar felt confident about winning the soccer match this Sunday.
Casey named the baby. It was a good name.
Jordan gave Bobby their old car after he bought a new one.
Cameron took money home because they had bills to pay the next week.
Skylar reached Aubrey's room in the hotel after a long search.
After receiving difficult news about his biopsy, Austin left the hospital in tears.
Riley put their own child up for adoption which shocked everyone and offended them.
Casey put the plan into effect and watched them operate it.
Riley stared at Sasha with Jealous eyes when they saw the bowl of ice cream.
Riley played chess with a group of people in the park.
Austin told everybody about the secret to get back at the girl who dumped him.
Ash bought dinner at a good price and took it home to their waiting family.
Lee read Tracy's article and wrote a nasty response about how stupid and naive Tracy's views are.
Riley gave their sister a rabbit's foot before their final exam. Riley said it would bring luck.
Sasha wanted to treat Ash to a concert by their favorite performer.
Kai helped his friend to get a new apartment after his house burned down.
Jan gave money to Remy's mother after Jan broke her new vase.
Riley carried Aubrey's bag far up the path while Aubrey rested her arms.
Jan moved to Cambridge in 2013 after a very nasty divorce.
After a stressful week at work Austin went to the pub and met their friends and by home time they were all drunk.
Kai wrote a letter to his mom today who he has not seen for many years.
Ash couldn't see very well so he had to get glasses.
Carson invited Taylor to his house to play video games and Taylor accepted.
Kendall prohibited trash in the territories because the children like playing there.
Lee killed the dog, and then he also tried to kill the cat in a violent way which scared everyone.
Remy threw her trash around the neighbor's yard in a fit of rage.
Quinn went straight to bed when he got home after a long 16 hour shift at the hospital.
Jesse helped Tracy's cause in order to get close to her.
Skylar felt sleepy and wanted to leave the party early.
Quinn texted their husband while Quin was biking on a country trail.
Jesse went begging to their mother for a new jacket to wear to school.
Sasha took Addison by the arm and yanked them into the kitchen and began yelling.
Remy was out with their best mates, they were having the best night watching a band and singing to the tunes so remy put their arm around the neck of their mate.
Remy baited Kai's hook after she was having trouble.
Alex slowly worked out the deep muscles before he started exercising.
Skylar was very upset and Sasha the mother was comforting her.
Ash held Jordan's stare from across the room during dance practice.
Jesse had their final exam a week away. Jesse spent their time studying.
Quinn took his mother to the hospital to get checked out by a doctor.
Jordan went and picked up the photos from the photo booth of the amusement park ride, and then Jordan gave Casey their picture.
Kai got a better job at a new steel mill.
Carson pulled up stakes because they needed to do it.
Alex served Lee's apprenticeship when Lee was too sick to work.
Alex took their time, but eventually did finish their math test.
Skylar was holding a secret meeting in his room. He heard a knock at the door.
Sasha changed their attitudes by doing a lot of reseach on the subject.
Aubrey was having problems with their homework. Casey asked Aubrey to accept their help on Aubrey's homework, and Aubrey accepted.
Kai was washing clothes and put them through the wringer.
Robin put the baby into Ash's arms as they stood in the room.
Jesse got food on his face while he was on an online date.
Casey was house sitting at a neighbors, and that night, she met her death.
Taylor liked to eat spicy food when she went out to eat.
Casey took Austin chances, rolled the dice, it hit seven, and won a lot of money.
Aubrey got with the program and studied very hard to get better grades that semester.
Aubrey played some video games because he had some time before his friends come over.
Jordan enjoyed the sunny weather after having heard reports of rain the night before.
Remy went to school and was told to go home and take a test.
Jordan needed anything that would help her arrange her notes to study better.
Kai won third place and he was sad because he wanted to win first.
Ash's friends were complimenting them on their new outfit, so Sydney also gave Ash a compliment.
Skylar and Alex have been best friends their whole lives. Skylar met Alex for the last time before moving to another country around the world.
Cameron saw that their younger siblings were being picked on by others at the playground so Cameron went to support them.
Kendall threw Sydney into prison after they violated their parole.
Skylar played a game in regulation, then sat out the rest of the season due to an injury.
Aurbey saw Kai's friend stealing a car from the auto mart.
Jesse went hunting after his freezer ran low on meat.
Kai decided to ask Casey to prom and was pleased when she said yes.
Sydney shone like the sun in their eyes, though she was secretly a petty person.
Lee got a larger holiday bonus than usual this year. As a result, Lee gave money to charity.
Austin get into his car and drove the long way home at noon.
Remy prepared another cup of soup for their sick child with a fever.
Jan decided to go see a movie because she felt very cooped up.
Cameron asked the water boy for a drink. Cameron took a drink lying down.
Alex formed Sydney's whole essay and it was the best essay of all time.
Alex was torn about choosing between two great universities. Alex went back and forth between her options.
Taylor used Jordan's first name after only meeting him one.
Tracy threw a rock at their window to grab attention.
Sasha sneezed into their sleeve after smelling a flower.
Cameron helped Aubrey grow and maintain their new garden.
Casey drove to a local country park, parked the car and decided to go on a hike to the top of the park.
Sydney got very angry and their friend's suggestion and beat them severely.
Alex always left early when he felt like doing it.
Lee was a rough child and knows how to treat small injury's. Lees friend fell off their bike, so Lee put some burn cream on the scrape.
Addison bound the straws together and packed the rest of the supplies in the picnic basket as well.
Austin made Sydney's choice for them instead of waiting forever.
Ash gave a promotion to Jan and Jan moved into a much bigger office.
Sasha's favorite food was warm bread.  Sasha ate bread every single day.
Ash was a public relations person who could make people look good even if they were not.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back and leaned in with the contact lens on her finger.
Jordan performed his part to a standing ovation form the audience.
Robin gained muscle for the competition that weekend.
Sydney neglected to help with their duties while she was at work.
Jordan expressed their sadness to the people that were listening to her at work.
Addison smiled at her even though deep down she was jealous and bitter.
Kendall had raised a lot of money to help with Ash's medical bills, he surprised Ash's wife with the money.
Carson was starring in the school play alongside their co-star Sydney.
After their long relationship, Ash couldn't argue how much love for Jan there was.
Kendall was in danger of losing their job over a disagreement. Kendall tried hard to keep their job.
After her car got towed Taylor went to the impound and got the car back.
Lee kept everything under control after the large fire there.
Addison had never gotten in trouble with the teacher. Ever since Jesse sat near Addison he caused Addison trouble.
Alex redoubled their efforts and they eventually found the missing dog.
Ash couldn't stand it anymore and started to clean their room.
Tracy had been assigned to work on the research problem and find solutions, so to begin, Tracy drew questions from the data.
Skylar gave Aubrey the business after catching them out late for the third time that week.
Bailey had been unhappy in their marriage for a long time and decided to get divorced.
according to the article Jan played baseball professionally.
Bailey can't stand the boys. Nobody can, really. They are insufferable.
Cameron was on the board of a local charity and asked a business owner for support. Cameron persuaded the person to give him money.
Liam was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley took Jan inside the old house because Jan was interested in restoring the interior.
Casey bought an air conditioner because she does not like the heat.
Kendall eventually gave in and let her friends come over and party at her parent's home.
Ash let the dog inside after it was outside playing.
Kendall decided to take the kids to the museum because he wanted to learn about history and teach the kids new things.
Austin was ill and could not preform so Jordan took Austin's role.
Remy was worried about Tracy walking home alone at night so Remy followed Tracy home then when they saw they were home safe, they waved and continued on their way.
Because they were requested for the ceremony, Carson sung Remy's favorite songs.
Carson broke his fall by grabbing a large tree branch on the edge.
Sydney tried to kiss Taylor, but Taylor didn't like Sydney.
Quinn was upset when her children didn't clean up the playroom after she asked them to do so. So she made her point by locking up their toys.
Carson decided to have a yard sale after realizing he had too much stuff.
Bailey joined forces with the team, and they went on to have a perfect season.
Skylar boarded the boat after checking to make sure no one else in aboard.
Robin woke up full of energy and in a good mood, you could even say Robin felt their oats.
Jordan rushed to the emergency room after the fell on his skateboard.
Jan rose to her feet to welcome Austin to the party.
Remy was struggling with French, so she hired a tutor.
Taylor gave their mother a gift to show them they appreciate them.
Kendall was walking in a dark alley when she heard strange noises.
Bailey was being bullied by a bigger girl at school. Bailey had enough and decided to do something about it.
Lee tore open the cover to see if they had won a golden ticket.
Riley was had went shopping and carried the things he bought back from the car.
Quinn brought the bike to the mechanic after it fell apart while she was riding it.
Kendall and Robin were in rival street gangs so during a fight, Kendall struck and broke both of Robin's legs with a baseball bat.
Jesse changed their behavior to fit in with the crowd.
Remy visited their grandma who was sick in the hospital.
Robin took his date to an archaeological dig site outside the city.
Jan taught Cameron all of the things that he does not know before the test.
sydney was making pizza so she took it out of the oven when it was ready.
Lee quickly began running towards the school entrance.
Aubrey left her Johnny Cash record at Alex's house but Alex enjoyed the record so much he wouldn't return it.
The dog wanted a bone from Addison. Addison gave the dog a bone.
Alex helped Ash prepare for the exam in every way, even though they both knew that Ash probably would fail the exam.
Kendall took "no" for Tracy's answer when she said she wasn't sure if she wanted to see the movie.
Even after a long and difficult pregnancy, Jordan weighed normal at birth.
Kendall told Casey's kids that he would be back before they knew it.
Robin spun the wheels of her new bike before getting on and riding off with a smile.
Jesse bought a new hat so that they could wear it to work.
Kai invited Casey to a movie and they were deciding what they should see.
Jordan made a break for it because he was running away from his problems.
Riley saw the eye doctor for a basic examination and was told they were fine.
In their article, Illinois gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Addison turned quickly towards Alex and punched him very hard.
Ash prevented sickness in woman by providing great healthcare to them.
Lee walked slowly together with his wife. They loved each other dearly.
Taylor used a billboard to explain the new project they came up with.
Jan is a farm worker tasked with gathering animals in the evening.
After battling the way through traffic, Lee came to pick Quinn up from school.
Lee put Cameron's coat around Jordan who was shivering from the cold.
Jesse's brother kept making fun of him until Jesse blew up and hit him in the face.
Remy told her friends about her family's trip to Disneyland. It was their first time in California.
Tracy bought a new item from the store and put it in her home.
Alex cleaned Sasha's filthy car for her birthday by taking it to an auto detailing place.
Riley decided to call Kai tomorrow instead so that Kai could get a good night's sleep.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter their new dog.  They were very excited.
Quinn attended a concert of their favorite band and enjoyed the show.
It was nearly Christmas and Robin needed to find the perfect present for her son. She went from store to store until she found the right gift he'd love.
Cameron had so much fun playing with friends. They decided to do it again the next day.
Quinn had a ton of fun when they went to the fair with their friends.
Cameron had a huge fight with his spouse and they decided to renew their vows.
Lee started the day by waking up and taking a shower.
Sydney felt warm watching the charity help people in need.
Jan demanded Aubrey's explanation about why Aubrey lied to her.
After spending the whole summer together every day, Sasha developed Austin's attitude.
Carson felt like a burden to Casey when he asked for help with something.
Quinn texted her contented husband that night that she wasn't coming home ever.
Kai taught students the class on how to weld with metal objects.
riley treated her date to dinner and others saw that riley was with someone that was not their spouse.
Robin broke Quinn's glasses and quickly apologized and offered to replace them.
Cameron was anxious someone would find out anyway and told someone the truth.
Casey told Addison that Mark did not wanna go with them to the play.
Remy decided he wanted to celebrate by buying the others food and video games.
Kai adopted a dog last week. They did not want to buy a dog from a pet store.
Carson drove well after taking the driving course at their school.
After several days of careful studying, Lee passed every exam with straight A's.
Kai forgot to bring his jacket and he was freezing cold.
Aubrey finally decided to clean her bedroom, and after of hours of deeep cleaning she found clothes under their bed.
Addison felt out some disturbing details in the crime. Addison protected the public's innocence.
When Sydney needed an extra voice for harmonies at her friends wedding she asked her mother and Sydney and her mom sang together.
Bailey became very good at tennis and was able to beat all her compitition.
Carson layered a scarf on Cameron's shoulder after noticing the Cameron was shivering.
Carson got his bonus from work and sent them to watch the fight.
Robin started school late after her brother wouldn't let her use the bathroom.
Bailey took her dog to the dog park and showed off her tricks when others requested to see them.
Aubrey left a bad review on Yelp about the bad coffee and burger.
Sydney spanked the monkey after it was very bad behaving at the zoo.
Austin was concerned so they had Tracy feel their back and Tracy found a lump.
Riley soaked everything that needed it in Taylor's garden while Taylor was gone on vacation.
Quinn was surfing and caught the biggest wave of their lives then afterwards Quinn headed back to shore.
Kai threw fish food in the water and caught the fish and ate it.
Sydney got a new monkey who escaped its cage, so Sydney spanked it.
Taylor and Casey had been dating for 6 months so it was time to visit Casey's family.
Aubrey did not say anything to Kai about the math test for tomorrow class.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the city from his high condo.
After years of working their way up, Sydney finally interviewed for their dream job.
Sydney kicked her sleeping front with the other foot to wake them up.
Taylor stood at the bar all night and stirred men's drinks upon request.
Jesse told Lee's story to their friends, even though Lee asked Jesse not to tell anyone.
Jan kept crying she was so happy about the gift their friend gave them.
Quinn was very thirsty so went over to the vending machine on the street corner and put money into the machine.
Carson helped Sydney much to Sydney's surprise about it.
Alex covered Remy's shift at the late night diner that night.
Addison booked Robin's trip to France as a graduation present to Robin.
Quinn met Carson's boyfriend. They were fast friend and began to go to the bar every night for a drink. Soon, the two became lovers.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt at goal when they were playing a soccer game.
Lee made Addison sacrifice her place on the team.  They thought they were more deserving than Addison.
Lee went to spend time with others without saying the obvious about what they were doing.
Kai wanted to go to one of ivy schools. Parents were skeptical. Kai finally convinced them with his high grades.
Riley really enjoyed dancing and was always down for a good party.
Austin never went to his interview because he slept in.
Quinn helped Ash sleep by reading a book to her last night.
Quinn won tickets to a concert, so he decided to go to it.
Kai made them meet halfway and carpooled the rest of the way to work.
Jesse fulfilled her duties as a nurse well and then retired to become a writer.
Remy lost most of their friends over the years, and grew more cynical each passing year.
Kai wore a hat and wore it backwards to be cool.
Taylor put the money away because they wanted to move out from their parents' house.
Quinn became too much to handle and he got kicked out of preschool.
Carson derived their powers from the consent paper. They had no legal basis, however.
Tracy was caught stealing money from the accounting department, so Tracy resigned their position.
Tracy went to the sporting goods store and bought some supplies for the camping trip.
Robin started the race with a strong lead but quickly became exhausted.
Audrey prayed for the strength to not back down from the challenge to win the triathlon.
Bailey took her church today for the first time.
Riley got Jordan a gift but Jordan made a face of disgust when they opened it.
Casey paid the cashier and took her bags outside to her car.
Remy rehearsed Quinn's lines with her so she could get a part in the play.
Jan washed Taylor's truck, but then got water spots on the window and windshield.
Bailey got the clothes out of the dryer, folded them and put away.
Ash is in the middle of committing a burglary when they accidentally pull the trigger of the gun.
Robin took away the computer from all of her kids.
Lee turned their head away when they heard a loud noise.
Aubrey made Lee go home after Lee threw up at work.
Jesse needed to get to work so they went outside and shoveled their driveway.
Quinn based the summary on principles and received a lot of praise for this.
During the end of year student evaluations, Tracy made the Cameron evaluation great.
Sydney was looking at the healthy salad but ordered fries instead.
Remy wrote Skylar a note about the party on the weekend.
Carson was competing in the game, and decided that they need to go hard or go home.
Jan went to see the doctor about a worrying lump they had found and Addision awaited Jan's return.
Jesse saw Addison almost slipped and fell due to snow on the ground. Jesse grasped Addison's hand to stop it.
Jesse went crazy last week at the store over the price.
Kai and Ash had known each other for many years, but lately they had grown apart.
Jesse is tired from the fact that he published every book, so now Jesse also feels worn out.
Aubrey controlled women's decisions, so they can become strong women in the business world.
Bailey told Jesse's fortune when he came into his shop.
Jan noted every change so they'll know what to do next.
Quinn spoke his mind while they were involved in an argument.
Riley touched Jordan on the shoulder to offer support when he was upset.
Carson kept track of Cameron's account to make sure they're not spending too much.
Cameron worked on the patient and fortunately improved the patient's standing.
Austin was tired and did not want to go to school today.
Taylor had been looking for a girlfriend for over ten years.
Sydney loved their time singing on stage, and was able to make a career of their passion.
Kendall went into Jesse's head one night with a machine while Jesse slept.
Kendall changed Casey's diet after realizing she that she had many allergies.
Bailey immediately bought dinner at the local pizza place with some cash.
Addison milked the cows before going home for the night.
Riley is Tracy's mother and likes to Treat Tracy. Riley gave candy to Tracy.
Kendall was a doctor. They helped ease the pain.
Kai made her design while in bed, because she was terminally ill.
Riley was trying to play music and made noises.
Lee had a long day at work, but was glad to be home and rested on Alex's shoulder.
Ash texted Sasha earlier today to ask if they could have dinner together this evening after work.
Jordan put Bailey's new facebook account online for them.
Addison felt lovingly and caressed Carson's cool cheek.
casey worked hard day and night and finally found a solution.
addison saw a dog do a back flip for a cookie and got a laugh out of it.
Bailey persuaded her mom to go with her to the mall.
jesse was now wealthy so he ate at a fancy restaurant.
Remy found a girl in the park and struck up a conversation on the spot that they both enjoyed.
Kendall ate cake happily because it was time to celebrate her birthday.
Kendall decided to move to Bailey's house because they both wanted to save money on rent.
Because Tracy's boyfriend had always wanted a dog but tdid not buy one because he thought Tracy would disapprove, Tracy bought her partner a puppy.
Skylar held her hand to Sasha's chest and listened to her lungs and heart during the exam.
The team doctor told Jordan that two days of rest would help heal the injury. However, the team needed everybody, so Alex put Jordan into practice.
Addison saw a raccoon immediately as it approached in the far distance.
Bailey was laid off from their job at the age of 65.
Lee looked all over for batteries and finally found just enough.
Sasha did not want to see Taylor after their fight, so they sent Taylor away.
Tracy was not happy with Casey, so they didn't let Casey kiss them.
Aubrey sang the song perfectly after practicing for many months.
Aubrey was recently diagnosed with a skin disorder. Aubrey got treatment at a local clinic.
Cameron made an invalid point after failing to do the proper research on the subject.
Sasha proved everyone wrong when she won the gold cup in the race.
Robin embraced every thought that came into their head, even the dumb ones.
Bailey stayed with her mom that night after someone broke into her house.
Sydney told jeff about everyone's secrets because they loved to gossip.
Austin taught Alex to read which helped him feel more confident in school.
Robin dropped a lot of liquid on the ground and it caused her to slip.
Casey was brought into the boss's office and accused of stealing from the office.
Alex was babysitting so they took Aubrey to the park for two hours.
Addison put Kendall's ideas into action, and they soon had a thriving online retail business.
Remy volunteered for the army and wanted to make her family and country proud.
Carson's skip rope inside after it was raining all day outside.
Jan saw that the grass in their yard was very overgrown so Jan mowed the grass.
After work late on a Friday evening, Austin went shopping for groceries.
Having decided that they preferred paint over wall paper in the living room, Tracy bought some supplies.
Jan had broken both their arms but was thirsty, so Addison filled Jan's mouth with water.
Carson got up to get his lunch and rocked the boat he was traveling in.
Skylar didn't want to spend money on a costume so they made their own for the contest.
Cameron filled their face with food bceause Cameron was starving and it was already late evening.
Cameron gave Addison value when he praised her new ideas.
Taylor put the money in a bank and let it grow with interest.
Remy makes gift bags for every guest, as the gift bags are handed out a few more guests show up. Remy prepares more gift bags.
Kai remembered that night forever and wrote about it in his journal.
Jesse was a tutor who was helping Casey with their math.
Alex threw fate to the winds and ran full speed through the thick woods in the middle of the night.
Alex ran away and  left his siblings alone.
Taylor filled out an application and brought it with them to a store they knew.
Cameron hired Carson to be their business accountant and CFO.
Ash took me to the mountains to see the sites.
Addison mowed Robin's lawn but did a very poor job of it.
Kai walked away from school because he was getting bullied too much.
Jesse obeyed the orders that her boss gave her at work.
Jesse wiped the tears from Lee's eyes after Lee gave a heartfelt confession of wrongdoing.
Addison provided Kendall the answer to the last question on the final exam for history.
Ash was desperate for a trip and eager to explore the world. Eventually, Ash left the country.
Cameron had too much to drink at the party. Aubrey drove Cameron home.
Casey held Robin's face down in the water for several seconds until Robin began gasping for air.
One day a baby was born. Their name was Alex and the doctor said the baby was really ugly. The mother cried and cried but finally took the baby home to the Others in the family.
Kai's toenails were plain, so they decided to paint it with red nail polish.
After holding onto the candy from the kids, Quinn let them have it all.
Jordan took part in the study and passed with flying colors.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction by vacuuming while she was working late on a weeknight.
Bailey got Jordan's ticket since Jordan couldn't get off work early enough to get it himself.
Cameron affected their life with his decision but never took notice.
Addison felt a tap on their shoulder. They slowly turned around to look.
Taylor asked the librarian about a book on how to make a lot of money.
Remy expressed their regret after declining the invitation to the wedding.
Addison made it to the championship match with her excellent hockey team.
Aubrey turned Sydney back from the door even though Sydney wanted to leave.
After trying so hard and for so long, Austin finally won their first game.
Jan's father was very ill and unable to get to the doctor without assistance.
Casey realized her dream of being a fawned over and glamorous.
Riley went to the store and bought some items for a homemade chicken breast.
Skylar called someone on the phone and it was her mother.
Her mother ignored the apology she had written so Casey wrote another note.
Sydney asked her for Casey's number so he could call them out on a date.
Carson found a genie lamp and wished for a new wife.
Quinn spent a lot of money with the Kai family and then proposed to her.
quinn was playing a game and she was able to fool skylar and their cat in the process.
Lee and his brother kept their lips sealed about the secret their dad told them.
Taylor wanted to start a blog, so they read online blogs.
When Cameron heard the phone ringing, he came running.
Riley dipped Austin's head and leaned up to kiss their lips.
Quinn changed the plans three times because she couldn't decide.
Sydney kept Lee apart from family after gaining custody through a long divorce settlement.
Aubrey found food under their bed when they were cleaning up around the house.
Quinn burnt the candle at both ends so he would save some money.
Beily told Sasha something and Sasha took Baileys word for it.
Tracy did not want to go to the concert alone and they persuaded a friend to go with her.
Alex wrote their memoirs into a small book everyday for a month.
Jordan wore socks instead of just wearing sandals to the party.
Kai won third place even though she expected first.
Remy witnessed an armed robbery, so when the police showed up she briefly described the situation.
Austin reduce the impact and severity after all his airbags went off at the right time.
Jordan kept Bailey safe from the robbers.
Jesse is a therapist treating Cameron for stress.
Tracy was involved in a bad car accident last night.
Kai wrote a letter to them about going to their school.
Carson lived an hour away and decided to go home for the holidays.
Robin took their date to the movies last night.
Kai made Jan's bed for her because she was his daughter and he cared about her having a clean environment.
Austin said he liked Jordan's new hairstyle after she shaved it off, despite what their friends said.
Carson took care of Aubrey by staying by her side.
Sydney called their friend to pick Bailey up at the train station.
Wanting to improve her knowledge base and other parts of her, Aubrey took Kendall's course.
Riley hurt anybody who she thought hurt other people's feelings.
Alex hasn't seen a dentist in a while and has had some issues with their teeth. Alex makes a dentist appointment.
Jordan found Jan's leather backpack.
Alex told their father they were going to be late for the party.
Taylor returned the bible to the stand so it would be easily accessible for fighting evil.
It was supposed to storm so Ash asked their friend to walk in the neighborhood instead of across town.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money at the casino playing at the black jack table.
Jan was with their husband and was having fun talking.
Alex went to the store and bought some items they they needed for a party.
Jan will never see Sasha after she moves from France because of her new work in Washington, D.C.
Casey decided to go to his brother's graduation this weekend.
Lee gave Carson an overview before a test because Carson did not study at all.
Quinn texted their husband that night. They were going to be late for dinner.
Addison talked down to Remy like that every day despite their continued protests.
Kai stopped playing when a string suddenly broke on the guitar.
Kai told Ash that he wanted to go camping with him that week and have a good time.
Taylor was put in charge of being the leader of Aubrey's army.
Addison checked Skyler's car for her phone whether it is there or not.
Cameron moved Jan's furniture when Jan asked them if they could help out.
Tracy enjoyed teaching so she became a teacher for the local school.
Kendall was unable to work after the accident, so Jordan paid her medical bills.
Casey threw the ball at Jesse's feet and Jesse tripped over it.
After the engine began to rumble strangely, Remy carefully pressed the car on home.
jan followed addison home to see if they needed help with anything they were doing.
Robin asked Kai's opinion about the upcoming election process.
Carson's grandma couldn't do much around the house anymore. Carson helped his grandma a lot.
Cameron had a craving for lasagna but didn't have the skills to make it himself.
Quinn had money to go shopping and spent the money quickly.
Ash asked her what happened when his girlfriend came home with a broken nose.
Casey wants to sell his house. Casey hired Ash, who is a real estate agent, to find a buyer for his house. Ash found a buyer and worked with Casey to sell the home.
Robin got a hotel room to sleep at on her big business trip.
Skylar was a friend of Riley. Riley was moving to a different state.
Sydney gave her sister a gift card to her favorite store for her birthday.
Kai kept on playing their instrument as they stood in front of the class.
Austin discussed every type of drink with the bartender before making a decision of what to order.
Remy went bike riding after feeling lazy for sitting on the couch all day.
Sydney had been dating the same person for five years. Many people asked when they would get married but Sydney says that is something you shouldn't rush.
Addison met their objectives for the class project.
Ash sold Casey's house on the open market.
Sydney gave Jesse's friends advice on what they should get them for their birthday.
Remy drove home from school after having a really good day.
Aubrey was very impulsive and had several addictions, chief among them smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol. She placed her health at risk with her bad habits.
Carson began to study math and then got a good grade on the test.
Jordan got very drunk and couldn't manage to stand up straight.
Sasha was about to make a pie for Thanksgiving. They turned the oven on.
tracy just got hired at the store so she started work this morning.
Jan loudly accused Lee of cheating in front of the entire class.
Aubrey took private lessons to prepare for her piano recital.
Tracy was in the elevator with their boss, Austin and Tracy pressed upon Austin accidentally in the elevator.
Casey was feeling overwhelmed with alot going on in their life, Kai supported Casey and defined Casey's life in easy terms to help Casey deal with each issue one by one.
Austin respected the past legends, and fought in their corner.
Kendall was looking for a house to buy because Kendall could finally afford one.
The patient asked for the tooth as a keepsake. Taylor saved the patient's tooth.
Jan carried the plan into effect so she could start her company that solves world hunger.
Tracy bound their hands together and attempted the magic trick again.
Jordan offered to help Tracy by providing a service.
Sydney and Taylor went out to dinner for Valentine's Day. When they got home, they decided to watch a romantic movie on the couch together. After about 20 minutes, they both fell asleep cuddled together. When Sydney woke up, she decided to go make popcorn. Before getting up, she slid Taylor's hands off her knee.
Sydney ate Kai's flesh after being in the woods for days with no food.
Tracy was nowhere to be seen as they looked everywhere for her.
Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb because Remy's daughter Tracy had banged it.
Casey begged them for one of the puppies when they visited the shelter.
After growing it for months, Bailey grew to love his beard.
Sydney sounded Casey's alarm and tried to wake them up for the third time.
Jesses told Robin's parents about the bullying that Robin was going through.
Carson chipped Quinn's tooth with a hammer by mistake and immediately started apologizing.
Kai had broken up with their abusive girlfriend and never looked back.
Quinn drive extremely fast through town and even in traffic.
Skylar carried apples outside after they rotted inside of her fridge.
Carson got directions from their wife to the event and didn't get lost.
Alex Carson's dad bought Carson's phone for him as a birthday gift.
Riley went off on a tangent after realizing his drums were destroyed during the party.
Austin was late for the appointment, so Bailey gave his job to someone else.
Addison brushed her teeth with a brick and it hurt.
Robin told my mom. That got me into trouble.
Skylar called Robin into the office to talk about her college plans for the upcoming year.
Jordan was not supposed to have wine on the carpet, but he did and he spilled red wine on the carpet.
Addison visited the pet store to find a new pet for the classroom.
Jan kept crying when she heard the news.
Alex called Quinn's father to let him know that Quinn was sick and needed a ride home.
Remy called the new student into the office.
Riley took her parents to a pet store and showed them cats she'd like to have at home.
Carson got their friends together and had a cookout at the camp site.
Kai lived with their sister and pays them rent every month.
Remy posted flyers on town asking for help finding a dog.
Sydney had been having a difficult time so Remy invited Sydney to come over for a visit.
Carson wanted to relax a little bit after work. Carson drank one beer to calm down.
Bailey sold her motorcycle when she found out that she was pregnant.
Kai went to the zoo by himself. Kai saw the animals up close.
Lee played baseball after school.  However, he could not stop thinking about their homework.
Bailey gathered her and Bobs friends together to help Bob move across town. He had boxed up everything in his apartment.
Carson changed sides forever when his friend broke a promise.
Tracy practiced sprinting for half a year, but Tracy was still really slow.
Ash sold the car and got a lot of money. Ash's old friends and distant family gathered around Ash.
Kendall and Bailey were close friends and wanted to live closer together. Kendall decided to move to Bailey's house.
jan was working hard day and night so she became good at video games.
Taylor asked Tom to go to the dance.
Jordan made room for Tracy after seeing them.
Jesse played baseball with his friends.  They had fun.
Jesse was doing a math problem and wrote it on the board.
Robin ran the counter at the deli like a boss.
Ash had not seen Taylor in quite some time, so Ash spent some time with Taylor.
Carson woke up late, they run around quickly getting dressed before running out to start their truck.
Casey tied sachets together and filled them with nice smelling potpourri.
Kai induced good health in mice after taking car of them in the lab.
Taylor is younger than Kai, but she always gave Kai good advices about life.
Quinn met a handsome man they liked in a dance party in Quinn's freshman year at college.
Robin decided to help the girls get home after their mother called and said their car wouldn't start.
Kendall let Carson's dog out out of the play pen.
Tracy went on vacation and visited Canada.
Robin put their finger on the doorbell. They were deciding whether or not to ring it.
Casey got a new one when her brother broke her tablet.
Remy knew Aubrey best painting to enter into the contest.
Remy paid Casey's bill because Casey, their daughter, was still in college.
Quinn ate chicken at home with her family for Sunday dinner.
Bailey understood the patient's problems during their appointment that day.
Jan effects Quinn's plan to escape from jail because now two people have to go.
Sasha set a flag on the moon and then there was nothing left but to go back to earth.
As his pregnant wife lay on the back seat in labor, Kendall drove as fast as his vehicle would allow in order to reach the hospital quickly.
Jesse brought home a puppy to play with the kids for a few hours.
Kendall had decided to open the door up for Ash to come in.
Remy felt ok after the car accident, but started to hurt badly the next morning.
Alex assisted his friend in identifying the fruit before they tried something they found in the wild.
according to the article  Austin took Addison's work hours.
Ash needed to clean her dog up after he rolled around in the mud and got Cameron's towel dirty.
Austin was ready to play basketball.  They looked forward to having fun with their friends.
Addison slept well in the morning and wanted to rest for the day.
Quinn found a rock in Austin's yard and it was a diamond to the surprise of everybody.
Riley stopped teasing Lee over the mistake he made.
Addison was a police officer who wanted to move up the ranks in the police department more quickly.
Ash joined a gang against the desires of their parents because they wanted to rebel and get into trouble.
Skylar broke up with Tracy's girlfriend for him because he was too scared.
Carson turned Remy's pillow over for her to make it more fluffy.
Skylar followed them everywhere and asked too many questions about it.
Sydney thanked Sasha because Sasha assisted her with a difficult work project.
jan taught addison dog tricks so that the dog could learn something new and fun.
Jordan took the elevator to the highest floor.
Jordan gave Jan a new one. Jan smiled when she saw the gift.
Addison hurt really bad after tripping and breaking their knee.
Ash ran as fast as the others during the race for first prize at school.
Quinn dropped the boat anchor in exactly the right spot in the bay.
The dog would not listen to Kendall so Kendall guided the dog even more forcefully onto the couch.
Sydney read Austin the riot act after he broke his phone on purpose.
Addison got to see Robin today after waiting all week long.
Quinn always wanted to own a motorbike so he decided he would work hard to be able to afford one.
Jan watched the news every night after dinner with her father.
Casey threw the bug into someone else's hands before running to the sink and washing his hands.
Carson decided to try online dating and enlisted a friend to help.
Lee drove home casey's kids when Casey could not.
Jessie skeptically watched a horror movie and locked her doors.
Kai came thick and fast when he drove into town and was late for a meeting.
Robin put the cart before the horse by buying a house before she had a job.
Riley invited Aubrey over to Addison's house for the party being thrown tonight.
Sasha was heading to Kai's house for dinner. There was no answer so Sasha entered Kai's house.
Robin worked very hard to finish the project that was due in her history class that day.
Ash knocked on Jan's door before dropping off their package.
Sasha hugged their dog and gave the dog a yummy dog treat for dessert.
Tracy met Skylar at the station to pick her up when she arrived from the city.
Taylor asked the librarian for a book that wasn't in the open.
Jordan walked toward the door after he made the teacher cry in sadness.
Ash got Jordan one present for his birthday.
Austin asked his girlfriend to go to a movie when he knew there was something out she wanted to see.
They had been dealing with a lot of controversy, so Cameron thanked the crowd for supporting them.
Sydney was not paying attention while driving. Sydney hit Kendall's car and killed them instantly.
Management yelled at Austin in front of everyone, so Austin put management in their place.
Carson was building a garden in his backyard. Carson loved tomatoes and wanted some of his own.
Casey was caught off-guard when others snuck up from behind.
Casey was heading to the coffee shop before work. Casey bought Bailey a drink while there.
Bailey happened to think every test that they took in school was really hard. So Bailey got a tutor and sought extra help from teachers as well to overcome their struggle.
Bailey had to take his son to the doctor and  his son started to throw a fit. Bailey held his son in check.
Sydney heard Quinn's voice again on the telephone after a long pause.
Casey cleaned Taylor from all unrighteousness by way of going through the path.
Kai played paintball.
Sydney got Addison's lunch for her and it was a steak burrito with nachos.
Remy bought tickets for the show and then saw the band perform.
Aubrey was upset with Kai, so when she saw Kai, she said nothing.
Robin went to the bank and took some money out of her account.
Remy mounted their horses and rode into the sunset.
Ash got Quinn's name from a friend because they liked Ash.
Jan screamed the loudest at the WWE event that summer.
Riley complied with Jan's wishes to be creamated instead of buried.
Remy loved the gift she received from her friends and family for her 18th birthday.
Alex sat down beside Jordan because he was all alone in the class.
carson went to quinn's house so he got to see quinn's son.
Remy bought a new dog for Alex and gave to to him on his birthday.
Lee drove Jordan's car on the highway because Jordan felt sick.
Kai fought his way out of the trap as hard as he could.
quinn wanted to test the machine so she put coins in the machine.
After a long period of looking for it, Lee finally found the animal.
Sasha too their ring off at the beach to apply lotion and Sasha lost their wedding ring.
Alex told their sister to do it, but he did it first.
Alex looked at Aubrey closely in the mirror after trimming her hair.
Taylor reached for Alex's hand and hit it with a stick.
Riley had lost Carson's keys to the car and was going to be late for work.
Bailey was engaged to Fiona for 4 years but suddenly he left her and married another woman.
Kai fell from his bike and scraped his knee and it bled everywhere.
Kendall got money from my wallet because I asked them to hand me my money.
Remy enhanced their understanding of the scientific subjects.
Kendall worked as a priest and after Remy came for advice, Kendall impressed upon Remy what is right and wrong.
Quinn had a tennis match with Ken. Quinn won in the end but it could have gone either way.
Quinn went fishing with their dad and everyone on the trip caught several fish.
Jesse asserted his rights when he was pulled over for speeding.
Austin reached their goals with much effort and preparation.
Cameron cut Bailey's hair at the hair salon that day.
Jan went to fly a kite because they badly wanted to be outside on the pretty spring day.
Kai made it halfway to Texas before remembering he left his phone behind.
Carson assisted Casey in making a dress for the upcoming dance.
Sydney's monkey was being naughty, so Sydney spanked the monkey.
Bailey knew that Taylor was the best student in math, so she placed Taylor at the head of the math class.
Aubrey just fell in love with Remy after a few dates.
Riley had betrayed Sasha by turning them against them self.
Ash became enraged during the minister's sermon, grabbed the minister's Bible, and tossed the book aside.
Jordan was operating on someone who hurt their hand. Jordan avoided damage to the nerve during the operation.
Cameron was feeling lazy and took a drink lying down.
Aubrey went home sad after getting a bad grade on her math test.
Bailey was going to be okay after all after the accident at the game.
Skylar started saving money to learn to be responsible.
Lee spent at most an hour with Remy but it really helped with their studies.
Bailey had a question about their bank account. Quin turned Bailey's question over to banker who could handle the account.
Bailey had just arrived from across the state and Robin made Bailey acquaintance when thay arrived.
Bailey has ridden their bike home from school. The like to be healthy.
Riley walked around the park, even made laps around the big lake.
Robin stopped his work half way and went away for lunch.
Riley bought a trumpet for her friend and she had a great time giving it to her.
Cameron went to get some lunch with his best friend and they had a good time.
Addison provided Kendall the answer to the question. It didn't take long to be proven correct.
Kai gave people headaches when they were talking to them loudly.
Casey deferred until the test results were in and then decided to go public.
Carson was anxious and started to have a panic attack so Robin crossed their arms over Carson's chest and helped them to deep breathe.
Jesse wanted to have a new video game but his father did not agree. Jesse tried to argue with his father.
Kai admired Ash's intricate work of oil paintings. Ash won the art contest and went to a famous art school.
jordan built their castle upon a rock so that the foundation would be sturdy.
Kai brought home Alex's laptop and started repairing it right away.
quinn was a mean person so she felt lonely yesterday.
Casey got their money's value out of the baseball tickets for them.
Tracy wanted a chance at winning the prize. Tracy put their name in the hat.
Casey wanted more to drink alcohol because she was upset.
Kai returned a book to the library and got a brand new one.
Being angry and disappointed, Taylor broke his project and threw it away.
Robin dug deep into the hole, certain that they were only a foot away from the treasure.
Remy provided Addison a good opportunity at her own expense in business.
Ash was super hungry after working all day.  She didn't care how much her meal cost or what it was.
Work had ended and Robin took Kia home from work.
Aubrey needed an audience to read her script to and Quinn found some people to listen.
Tracy's colleagues told her to drink a warm cup of tea to make her unbearable headache go away, but it didn't help at all.
Jan went to Skylar's room to take her pillow back that he took from her.
At work, Kendall was promoted and offered a lead in a new study so Kendall devoted time to the study.
aubrey was walking in the neighborhood so she saw an old man.
Jordan also told the classroom how to correctly answer the test questions.
Ash saw Alex years ago back when they were looking for a house.
Jordan received a message from God and was disappointed when others did not believe him.
Casey published a book and his family read the book and loved it.
Lee gave Bailey proof.
jesse was jealous so he took robin's girlfriend from him.
Mason was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Luke was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha already has a boyfriend, but she decides to send Alex a message too.
Tracy was going on a road trip with friends and didn't let Casey come with them.
Quinn gave cookies Austin's parents because they could not afford their own.
Quinn told his friend Austin that he liked the sound of his voice and wanted him to sing.
Quinn gave themselves the right to inspect the property for bugs and insects.
Robin grouped together with their family and spent the day with them.
Ash tried  hard to keep a tough physique and other men admired him.
Cameron applied the finishing touches to their makeup. Cameron looked perfect.
Kai found out his girlfriend Jesse was pregnant with someone else's baby.
Jan slapped him in the face in the middle of the class.
Cameron played a game of football with a good friend of theirs.
The music started playing in the room and Riley began to sing.
Jordan continued to walk home even though it was snowing and his feet were sore.
Taylor was studying at college to become a teacher. They completed their education.
Aubrey stroked Jan's hair and talked about her day at the important job.
Taylor and friends drove to Las Vegas and spent the spring break there.
Addison studied and worked well in her business classes to get an MBA.
Robin asked if Sasha could help her bake a cake for their sister's birthday party that evening, since Sasha was in culinary school.
Addison bound the books together and threw them in the back of her backpack.
Tracy and Alex formed a new partnership and were able to make a lot of money.
Seeing that she was unemployed and without money, Riley got Robin an opportunity.
Despite the long walk in the pouring rain, Sydney made it to school.
Addison enforced Lee's rights when she agreed to be his attorney.
As a prosecutor, Robin brought the convict to trial.
Jesse straddled Riley's hips in the dance routine.
Sasha acted in a Kendall like manner by going to the movies by herself for a few hours.
Riley prepared for Sydney's attack by setting up a good defense around their space.
Jesse wrote a song for his girlfriend. On their date Jesse sung their song to her.
Addison gave Aubrey some bad news that morning. Addison ruined Aubrey's whole day.
Jesse left their keys at home and had to get a locksmith to open the door.
Cameron read the instructions to fixing his tv before attempting to do it.
Alex had ten drinks in an hour while they were at the bar.
Sasha had a busy lifestyle and although they didn't have a lot of spare time, Sasha did a lot in their spare time.
Remy liked to go out and get deer during the hunting season. Remy loved to hunt.
Quinn let Kai's head fall on the desk after placing his jacket there to catch him.
Remy gave Cameron all the benefits of reducing their carbon footprint on the planet.
Kai came quick and fast after hearing the crash from down the road.
Jordan found medicine to help the dog before it ended up dead.
Skylar went to the new house yesterday to check on Bailey.
Austin brought the cup to Quinn's lips and help them slowly drink.
Austin raised the water to the upper level of the bathtub and took a long bath.
Alex called Quinn their father, even though Quinn was really just a big brother.
Cameron bought seeds to let them grow in their new garden they had planted.
Jesse drove for hours but when he got to the concert venue, he found out the event had been cancelled.
Addison had been trying to keep their apartment clean but Casey kept refusing to pick up stuff.
Tracy took money to the market and started shopping for home goods.
Casey got the engagement ring in order to propose to their fiancee.
Remy invited all of his friends over. They deserved a party after everything last year.
Alex was a baseball player that did a good job in the big game.
Skylar wasn't feeling well and went to bed early. When she got up the next day Skylar felt worse from the flu.
Bailey scared the hell out of Alex by jumping out of the bushes and yelling "boo!".
Aubrey arranged Alex's interview about the job this coming Friday morning.
Sydney shooed it away quickly before it had the chance to follow them home.
Tracy tipped the hand and left their secret strategy exposed and vulnerable.
Maya was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley expressed Kendall's feelings by getting some roses and going to dinner.
Alex sent their daughter to their room after she came back late from school one day.
Tracy was on the rollercoaster and clutched the hat to Skylar's chest.
Remy sent flower the to girl they liked, but never got a response.
Robin worked diligently towards the goal of getting her degree and succeeded.
Cameron gave the kids candy who knocked on his door at Halloween that year.
Remy put his hands around  their neck when they made him angry.
Sasha forgot to apply sunscreen before going to spend the day at the beach.
Cameron is not a fan of dogs. So Cameron got the heck away from the dog coming at her.
Jordan has been waiting for a video game release date for months. Jordan buys the game & goes home. Jordan rips open the packaging.
Casey asked what happened yesterday after she got home and saw a strange car parked there.
Carson showed Lee he was covered in dirt, and ran Lee's hand through Lee's hair.
Jesse burst Casey's bubble when she had unrealistic expectations.
Remy added a new gem to their collection to finish the crown for the king.
Cameron spoke to Bailey and told her to get well.
Jan was very weak from her long illness, and could not get up to greet her guests, so Kendall knelt down beside Jan in their bed.
Alex took up Ash's position when Ash protested unfair school policies.
Lee invited all her friends over for dinner and served the food.
Kai exceeded her from the date and had to go home alone to eat Ben & Jerry's.
Cameron took the money they were paid from work and decided to save it.
Kendall and Skylar were very different people and Kendall could see that Skylar was struggling but did not know how to help so decided to try to live like Skylar for a day to help understand the issues.
Remy missed their friend like crazy so he hugged them at the airport.
Skylar complied with Kendall's request to get an extension on the project.
Robin was making breakfast before work and felt his oats to ensure they were the right temperature.
Austin talked to Casey despite the fact they are no longer a couple.
Austin taught their youngest child, Austin, how to read when they were very young.
Addison borrowed money from a friend and now has the money to repay them.
Austin was playing around doing silly stuff and gave Robin reason to smile.
Jordan could no longer keep a secret and told everyone what Addison had said.
Kai noticed at first glance that she needed to surgery to save her life.
Aubrey called Casey's sister about the car she is selling.
Jordan got Lee's things out of the car because he was done with him.
Kai made them go halfway to the finish line before they were done.
Aubrey watched their show.  Therefore, they hid the TV remote control beforehand.
Alex punched the fighter in the face during their big boxing match.
Ash made some new friends on the first day in the new school.
Sasha showed her friends the way to the park.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling over as Kendall was just learning how to walk.
Cameron managed their money very effectively and saved their money to buy a car.
Bailey invited a group over to play some games at her house during the evening.
Jordan watched movies all night after he have broken with his girlfriend.
Skylar wore a swimsuit to the pool with her friends.
Jordan really liked Jan and wanted to demonstrate their feelings.
Alex decided to propose marriage, because Jan meant everything to Alex.
Quinn listened to Taylor's mom as she gave him advice for his job hunt.
Quinn always beat his wife when they played chess together in the evenings.
Tracy found milk at the store at the last minute before it closed.
sydney did not know the way to kai's house and called him.
Addison worked all day after the counsel had not slept because of their workload.
Jordan managed Cameron's money effectively which increased her wealth by a large margin.
Carson got evicted from their apartment. They refused to pay rent on time.
Robin's hand was very tired and she dropped her keys in a puddle.
After thinking long and hard about it, Carson forgave the men Aubrey's mom talked about.
Bailey prevented the wheel from turning in order to keep the castle doors firmly closed.
Austin dropped Remy off for his first day of daycare. He handed Remy to the woman.
Addison wanted to celebrate their promotion at work, so Kai got Addison's friends together.
Robin had been working hard for a week to get their new business started, so the morning after the big opening day, Kai let Robin sleep.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's life that year at the BBQ.
Aubrey opened Sydney's door for her because he wanted to be a gentlemen.
Carson brought his trophy over to her house and showed Sydney's parents.
I was going out shopping by myself for college. Remy knew I didn't have much money and put credit cards in my wallet.
Jordan wanted to go out to dinner, but Jordan left their wallet at home.
Jordan was nervous about being in the new school, but nonetheless, started their first day.
others were going to the carnival, so bailey jumped through hoops to go to the event.
The temperature was going to drop in the evening so, Skylar wore pants.
Quinn's son fell off his bike and needed stitches so Quinn took him to the hospital.
Bailey had some trophies they threw off of a bridge. Bailey gave them to the world.
Taylor said Bailey would honor the agreement since Taylor reassured him.
Kai wanted to get to know Casey a little bit better.
Aubrey performed Ash's duties for them because Ash didn't want to do her share of the team project.
Jesse got her kids together and sent their permission slips to schools.
Jan is Bailey's supervisor at a fast food restaurant. Jan wanted to fire Bailey for being late too many times. Although Bailey blamed the issue on traffic, she promised to come to work on time. So Jan gave Bailey another shot.
Robin had a lot of evidence to support his case and so he brought the case to trial.
Austin had some information Taylor didn't want made public, so Austin had Taylor by the short hairs.
Riley slipped, fell and then stood up and then walked home to go watch a show.
Sasha left work and went home before it got dark.
Ash loved cooking especially for their girlfriend who loved to eat.
They told them to lie in if they didn't they would torture them.
kendall was a professional thief who stole paintings all around the world.
Remy played a lot of chess online with friends when he was in elementary school.
Robin knew the girls had been drinking at the party. Robin let Bailey's friends stay for the night.
Austin was practising table-tennis and got really good at it.
Taylor gave Carson a treat. Taylor had a stash of Japanese candy.
Kai left Carson alone because Carson was in a bad mood.
Skylar continued to work hard on cleaning the house until every room was spotless.
Cameron quickly put it away because it would scare the dog for a bit.
The local orphanage had a leaky roof and so Kai repaired it and improved their living conditions.
Riley learned that Kai's grandmother was in the hospital and wanted to offer support.
Tracy saved Taylor's friend's souls from going to hell by going to church.
Sasha was ready to cook their food, so they turned the oven on.
Quinn played a role in the Shakespeare festival and was busy learning their lines.
Robin never gave up and eventually received his masters degree.
Taylor opened Kai's store for her when she had an appointment in the morning.
Robin made lasagna every week on Sunday. It was saucy and delicious.
Clara was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar gave her son a toy to keep him entertained at the appointment.
Jordan told Kendall to be quiet during the movie they were watching.
Carson spent a lot of money buying Taylor a birthday gift. When they opened it, Carson saw Taylor's disgusted expression.
Jan distinguished fiction from reality in all the chaos that was fake news.
Addison helped her patients by reading them stories before they slept at night.
Lee had a new puppy but lost it at the park yesterday.
Ash was ready to buy a 2018 Toyota Camry, but wanted to make sure that they were getting a good deal on the car.
Bailey learned to swim the summer that her father pass away.
Jordan produced a loving family that was quite well adjusted.
Robin found some batons laying on the grass next to the middle school.
Addison did Remy's dirty work by cleaning up the mess.
Jesse gave Addison a lecture about physical fitness after Addison had trouble going up stairs.
Jesse's teacher had been sick and finally came back to school. Sasha sent flowers on Jesse's way to school.
Riley got Jesse started. Jesse knew he always tried to get a rise out of her.
Casey texted Addison's husband to invite them to the party one day.
While volunteering at the cancer hospital, Robin embraced every child.
Skylar waited upon hand and foot because her friend was sick.
Riely's friend was heard gossiping about Riley by other friends.
aubrey needed help with math so he watched aubrey show a example.
Ash welcomed Cameron back to the hockey team after they had recovered from surgery.
Riley looked forward to Kendall getting home from work that day.
Carson received praise from others, even though they weren't really the one who did the deed.
Jesse found peace in daily prayer in her life.
Jan hates the POTUS, Donald J. Trump.
lee was a criminal lawyer and defend austin's rights.
Someone was coming into the building carrying bags, so Remy held open the door.
Riley met their friend for the first time and took them out to a place to eat.
Ash heard a sound outside and went out there to investigate the noise.
After finding out they had a winning lottery ticket, Addison screamed with delight.
Ash was busy teaching the others, and sent a friend to the store instead.
Kai fell from their bike after the chain slipped off of the frame.
Jesse faced every obstacle, and was ultimately able to get their book published.
Kai told their friend Bailey that they were interested in learning more about math.
Jan skips breakfast and anxiously awaits her lunch break so she can go get some food.
Aubrey saw Kai's friend and picked up the wallet that fell out of her purse.
Alex bet that Susan would win the race. Alex won the bet easily.
Kai was on the run from the police and took refuge in Jesse's house.
Taylor doesn't particularly enjoy the only cereal left in their cabinet. Taylor pours a lot of sugar on the cereal.
Austin enjoyed the game and decided to buy tickets to the next one as well.
Robin took their family to Mexico for vacation and to see the sites.
Alex was on his way home and got confused and made a wrong turn.
Bailey accepted one's invitation to go to the party.
Bailey made Alex deposit every dollar they had into the investment so that the project could move forward.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's orders without any questions when they were at the base.
Austin was being accused of murder. Austin expressed their willingness to cooperate with the authorities.
Cameron was a server and it was a slow day. Cameron hadn't made anything.
Sydney spent time with at her friend Sasha's house.
Bailey was afraid to ask his wife to go to the game. Jordan asked Bailey's wife for permission to go together.
Bailey used it everyday and was very happy that they bought it.
Riley liked the look of the ride and wanted to go on it.
Ryan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
bailey wanted to get home in time so she took a train.
Tracy finally got her promised gift from Remy and in turn gave Remy an expression of happiness.
Sasha gave Lee hands on experience on how to complete the project.
Jesse was glad to have Bailey's support.
Skylar carried home the backpack for their friend who was hurt.
Aubrey initially planned for the vitro fertilization (IVF) but later inhibited the plan herself.
Sasha told Riley's mom about the project that they had for school.
Jesse knew the answer to the problem was wrong and corrected Casey's error.
Kendall borrowed money to buy a new puppy after her dog passed away.
Aubrey found bodies in Addison's house and let it slide because they were in love with Addison.
Carson asked Addison to forgive them after they left her in the bar by herself.
Tracy set her gaze upon Lee. Lee knew that he had messed up.
Quinn made excuses for others for missing all of the homework.
Jesse married a girl named Kendall and they had a big wedding.
Jan didn't feel like cooking, so they went and got some take out tacos.
Kai added some water to the plant that was in their home in the corner.
Alex said something out of anger, but then Alex took it back.
Addison gave the money she stole to her sister to keep it safe.
Addison wanted to go to Ash to the movies for a few hours of fun.
riley was curious about many things so he was driving austin insane with questions.
Bailey would make it out of the desert, on foot, with no problems.
After giving their daughter a time out for misbehaving, Taylor took a moment to relax in her favorite chair.
Carson was bored so stared to play soccer in their backyard.  Others in the street saw Carson playing.
Sydney prevented the flu from spreading because she was able to get a flu shot at work.
Addison brushed my teeth for me using a toothbrush and toothpaste.
Riley was able to accurately estimate the score of the football game on Saturday.
Seeing it was April Fool's day, Kai played a prank on his parents.
Lee trained the best they could so they could see how good they could be.
Addison set their hair on fire because she was so angry.
Lee gave the worker a bonus for doing such a good job.
aubrey spoke up for robin and in the end gained her independence.
Tracy told Jan to take the lemonade, but the lemonade made Jan sick.
Aubrey succeeded their father. The business was going to succeed.
Addison gave Bailey the advantage since it was her first time playing.
Riley told everyone that Jan was pregnant.  Jan wished that she would be the one who made the announcement.
Alex kept pace with the growth of their plants by giving it water everyday for weeks.
Quinn blotted her copybook accidentally with ink and ruined her carefully written notes.
Casey had been busy asking their mom for a puppy. Casey stopped asking about it after their mom said no.
Robin arrived at their date's house to take them to the prom.
Ash was bought as a slave by a rich land owner and they lived up to their purpose by keeping the house always perfect.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys for the car so they could go.
Quinn saved Kendall's home from ruin when the wildfire spread further inland.
kendall was a nice person so she cooked breakfast for riley's family.
Aubrey was talking to their employees. They sent text messages.
Taylor went to the dentist for the first time and the dentist whitened her teeth.
Jan launched another rocket and the others watched it fly over head.
Jordan spent more time on housework so that the house could be cleaned up.
Cameron ended their career early so they could spend more time with their family.
sasha had just bought a new house with her husband so she invited her mom over to the house.
Jordan showed her parents the graph that she had drawn up.
Robin produced the number of products Jan asked for.
Robin saw Alex perform his trumpet and he won an award and she was glad.
Carson asked Addison to forgive him for standing her up.
Kai left Carson alone after the argument they had yesterday.
Robin is organizing a wedding and putting everyone in their place.
Ash was sad because a grandparent had just died.
Alex helped design Robin's experiment in order to test the theory.
Sydney wanted to be supportive and gave Riley high hopes for the future.
Tracy saw their enemy at the parking lot.  Tracy sped away.
Sydney found out how bad smoking was for them. They quit cold turkey.
Kai noticed at first the beautiful dress at first glance.
Casey reaps what Casey sows because they brought the consequences on themselves.
Taylor allays Remy's fear of spiders with intensive exposure therapy.
Riley took their dog to the groomer after it fell in a mud puddle and got covered in goo.
Quinn attended their business open house to show support for them.
Sydney was invited to Ash's thirtieth birthday party.
Bailey used their charisma to control the crowd.
Sasha was at the fair ground and first they rode the roller coaster.
When Sasha revealed the present to Kai's daughter, they were overwhelmed with joy to see a brand new car for their birthday.
Kendall played a lead role, as she typically does, that night in the play.
Jordan pushed their family away when they did not agree with him.
Jesse boarded the bus and was harassed by someone on the bus.
Aubrey got into the college they wanted, so Aubrey shared the news with Kendall's friend.
Austin got carried away during the play and ended up giving Robin a real slap.
Jesse went and got gas so that the car would be ready for the long road trip.
Cameron was the star baseball player in Cleveland. When Cameron and the Others played baseball they were amazing. Cameron even hit a home run from behind.
Taylor told my friends Taylor's secrets even though they had not known each other for long.
Austin held the candle tightly in their hand as the wax dripped onto their fingers.
riley was busy so he walked around alex.
Cameron told Jesse's friends about his plan to set a surprise part for Jesse's birthday on Saturday.
Kendall and Lee got into a big fight over a girl.
alex was being paid by lee, so alex wrote lee an essay.
Sasha was sewing together a dress so they fitted the pieces together.
Taylor gave their mother a ride after she saw them walking on the side of the road.
Casey wanted to take the kids to see some polar bears and giraffes.
Kai was running for Congress. Kai stood up for the common person.
Taylor was a good nurse and through her efforts improved the patient's condition.
Sasha downloaded the dating app on their phone and began to use it.
Aubrey had a big sandwich for lunch. Aubrey was no longer hungry.
Quinn increased their chances by getting more practice in every night for a week.
After spending much time thinking about it, Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents.
riley woke up late and ate breakfast so he was late for class.
Alex was invigorated after he spent the morning on the treadmill at the gym.
After becoming a doctor and starting their own practice, Aubrey determined the patient's illness.
Taylor had an essay writing assignment. Tracy rather wants to make out with their lover. Taylor asked the librarian if they can write an essay for $200.
Cameron was told he shouldn't have ice cream as he already had a cake, but Cameron got ice cream as well.
Remy went to the concert and saw the band perform on stage.
Tracy protected Austin's ice cream from the sun, so the delicious ice cream wouldn't start to melt.
Jordan pulled Bailey's fingers and massaged them to make Bailey feel better.
Kendall provided Jordan with a new interface for his supercomputer.
Ash meets new friends after moving to China for the army.
Jordan cleaner her room and put her new fish tank on the shelf she had.
During a quiet moment when they were alone, Taylor pressed Skylar's hands.
Quinn wanted to get ahead by any means necessary.
Ash rested Austin's head on Austin's shoulder when they were watching a movie.
Carson took in Aubrey's sense of style after Aubrey offered her help.
Cameron rolled the words off of her tongue. She needed to get her point of view across.
Kai put the uncooked eggs in one basket then fell down while carrying them home.
Kai checked Jesse's email to set up a new meeting with her advisor.
Jordan was playing baseball and the ball far. Jordan ran the bases for a homerun.
Skylar attended to Jesse's duties and had to work hard everyday.
Carson was on a tight budget after their car suddenly broke down.
Jesse was going to participate in a protest, so they made posters for themselves and others.
Lee was wanting to sell one of his collectible figurines. Lee made a little extra money when he sold it.
Alex turned back to Kendall because Kendall was going to show how to do something.
Kendall waved back at them before sailing around the bay once more.
Lee brought back the Lisa Frank style when he wore a unicorn shirt to school.
Sydney put their toys on the floor to make room for the packages coming.
Riley stayed the night.
aubrey was really hungry so she made sure to get her fill.
Taylor stepped on the scale with trepidation because they feared they gained weight.
Robin saw Jan, their sister, immediately when they found out that Jan was hospitalized.
Cameron wasn't sure which one to decide, so he kept his options open.
Remy invited friends over to play some tag in the green yard.
Alex told remy their wants. They were not difficult to meet.
Bailey meant something to Casey and did not forget that for a second when making their decision.
Sasha got promoted.  They were very happy.
Austin was leaving the restaurant and went to the coat check where Kai was working, and Kai gave Austin back their coat.
riley went beyond the scope of the investigation and started suspecting people of other crimes.
Jordan convinced Riley to do her homework after school to get into a good college.
Jesse faced every obstacle with a good attitude and and positive outlook.
Addison and their spouse decided to have a 20 year anniversary party.
casey was a good friend so she gave sydney every answer to the test.
Ash was trying to get rid of the chair so she set it on shore.
After cleaning out the refrigerator Kendall took the leftover steaks and them to the dogs.
Austin boarded the  train to travel to another city.
Kai walked to the icecream store from school after she got 100 on her test.
Taylor fixed a gaze on Bailey after they did something funny.
Sasha helped Carson remember what happened to them.
Casey used their program to render every frame of the scene of the animated movie they were hired to work on.
Alex waited for the sunrise to get up because they wanted some extra sleep.
Alex looked at Aubrey's injury closely while doing a check up.
Ash got Cameron's towel for them when they were at the beach swimming.
Quinn did better on the test than Jesse's friend. Quinn beat Jesse's friend.
Cameron made a lot of new friends and was excited to have them over.
After seeing her across the room at a bar, Carson showed Aubrey interest.
Skylar's favorite band was in town for a concert. Skylar purchased a ticket.
Jan always loved surfing. That's why they were so upset when they moved so far from the ocean.
Bailey needed every second. She was in a hurry and always seemed to be.
Kendall improved Kai's lot in life by getting him a fabulous new job .
Riley left the game when she hurt her foot.
Jan bought eggs last week so they could have a good breakfast.
Jesse took a flight across the country to go visit their long distance girlfriend over the holidays.
Casey drew some drawings which on reflections, he decided to delete.
Casey walked out of the room in a huff after the argument. Taylor shut the door behind Casey.
Sydney used their sewing machine to make a quilt out of scrap fabric and old T-shirts.
Taylor became best friends with Jayden while they were out of school for the summer.
Riley met a handsome man at the bar on the east side.
Ash sent their friend to the store today to get some food for dinner.
Aubrey found a list for Addison and gave it to them before they left.
Aubrey took Cameron's friend out to the club where they had way too much to drink.
Riley had gone to the store to buy liquor for a party they were having that evening.
Alex liked having his friends come over after school. Alex played video games together with them.
Ash won a contest and received a big prize for his great and talented work.
Alex and Jordan were very good at communicating with expressions, Alex gave Jordan a funny look.
Tracy drank alcohol that night to try to forget the pain of the breakup.
Jan killed Alex father in self defense last night.
Jan had to clean up after the big birthday party. To start, Jan put the dishes into the sink and wiped the cake crumbs off the table.
Aubrey and friends went to a Broadway play.
Quinn's grandmother was celebrating their 80th birthday. Kai gave gifts to Quinn's grandmother.
Carson wanted to increase sales so he worked and moved his business forward.
Addison liked running a lot so he went for another jog.
Jesse faced every person and apologized for stealing their money.
Quinn wrote Carson's book and he was very pleased with the results.
Jan struck everyone in the room on the back of the head with a hammer.
In order to make new friends, Remmy got along with others.
They decided to have a foot race and Remy passed their friend quickly.
Riley worked hard on their project to reach their intened climax.
Remi played Addison throughout the history in the play but she failed at it.
Kendall was buying drugs because he has a serious addiction but he was making progress until he relapsed.
Casey was lonely and decided to adopt a dog as a companion.
Bailey happily accepted the news when his mother told him he had won the contest.
aubrey got punched in the face so she involved every person in the altercation.
Kai put her life in perspective after breaking up with her boyfriend.
Lee opened the lid.
Lee reached out to Alex's hand and helped to raise Alex up from the ground.
Aubrey and Riley realized they had the same consertative values. Aubrey and Riley forged an alliance to poll voters at their school.
Ash called and said they were broke so Sasha sent Ash money.
Remy hadn't thought of anything about what to wear for the giant dinner tonight.
Sasha decided she would take Sydney's family to dinner for their anniversary.
Sydney deterred them from committing to coming over next weekend.
jesse was in school for eight years and earned her degree with hard work.
Lee kept his lips sealed about the surprise party they were going to have for their friend.
Bailey walked into the store looking suspicious. Taylor fixed a gaze upon him.
Tracy finally found a great one after searching for awhile at the store.
Robin had a growing concern and so specifically asked for Kai's opinion.
Kendall had Skylar's back during the fight with the other girls.
Skylar greeted the mailman at the door since they were awaiting the arrival of an important package being sent from Japan.
Lee read a newspaper that he picked up from the local newsstand.
Jesse made some money selling his handmade wood works at his open house.
Sydney made Cameron accept his diagnosis after the doctor told him he was dying.
Addison loved chips too much as they were making him fat.
Skylar reached Aubrey's room to play some games for a few hours.
Kendall and her friends wanted to go to the movies, so Kendall bought the tickets online.
Cameron asked Casey to write him a book for the class next year.
Abigail was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
casey was a mean person so she never gave cameron credit for anything.
Skylar's son tripped and fell on the school playground and skinned his knee.
Jordan used Taylor's advice to stop feeling sorry for himself.
Kai works for his local chinese takeaway as a delivery driver and as they were working tonight, they drove to an address to deliver the food then Kai rung the doorbell.
Sasha told Riley's mom that she could help her with the yard sale.
Austin got to know Robin much better and had a huge crush on her.
Jesse was holding interviews for a job at work. The candidates waited outside until they came to a decision.
Robin was standing in the sun talking to Tracy. Tracy squinted their eyes at Robin trying to make her out.
Showing no mercy, Queen Jan ordered the convicted man to be put to the sword at dawn.
Alex was hungry and ate some interesting looking sushi.
Sydney became a nurse after she finished studying.
Casey hired Aubrey, an attorney, to help her with the divorce.
Sasha rode their bike every day to work, until today when they found out it got stolen.
Kendall taught Alex's dog tricks while watching his dog last weekend.
After being away for an entire semester at college and being home sick plus missing his family dearly, Jordan finally saw his mother.
Jesse was hungry and didn't have time to go shopping for himself. Jesse ate Bailey's food that was in the fridge.
Aubrey had difficulty sleeping at night after she had an accident.
Riley's house had frozen pipes and she couldn't use the water.
Quinn wanted Bailey to say something to Skylar before he left town.
Wanting to be just like the others who had, Kendall bought one.
Aubrey gave Addison directions on how to act in the play.
Austin waited on Sasha at the restaurant when she was eating there.
Lee finally found out. He felt like he had been led on this whole time.
Jan purchased tickets for the concert downtown.
Kendall chased the dog down the street but he soon gave up as he preferred to complete school assignments to chasing the dog.
Sydney walked home from school one afternoon because it was finally warm and sunny.
Casey saw Carson's aunt today at the graveyard for Carson's uncle's funeral.
Jack didn't believe in anything, and kept getting into trouble, so Jordan put the fear of god into Jack.
Casey couldn't believe what she heard and look at Quinn with shocked eyes.
Kai shook hands with Addison who he was so excited to finally meet.
Casey ran the race and tripped someone who was going to pass them.
Jesse helped the people in developing their work to be the best it could.
Austin fought for Quinn's life as they waited on Death Row for the judge's verdict.
Remy was trying to keep from making noise. Remy kept quiet.
Jordan really wanted it and saved up for a long time to be able to buy it.
Carson was getting distracted by their phone in class.
Jordan bought a new coat to have for winter this year.
After working the job for years in the coal mine, Alex slowly worked in the deep end.
Carson built their houses with their friends so that they could live in it.
Addison got dressed, put on their makeup, and checked their appearance in the mirror before going out on their date.
Carson bought new clothes for her son to wear.
while out of the country, Sydney has been sending money to her family to build her a house. Today, she saw her house.
Addison set their hair on fire after being bullied by them at school.
Robin was in a hurry and couldn't afford to be late for work.
austin was riding his new motorcycle so he came flying around the corner.
Cameron hit a snag at work during the day and went for some coffee.
Addison tried hard in class and got a very good grade on their math exam.
Since they had realized how much they had in common, Kai's association with Sydney increased.
Skylar bore every second. At the end of the admonishing by the others, Skylar said "i don't care" and walked away.
Austin and Taylor stumbled upon their favorite ice cream shop and Taylor read Austin's mind.
Aubrey invited their friends along to the mardi gras parade.
Bailey gathered her friends so they could get to the concert before it started.
After Casey's lecture and long lesson plan, Addison collected Casey's thoughts for everyone.
Taylot got Bailey's girlfriend a birthday gift that Bailey really wanted.
Kai ran a ten kilometer marathon in record time and they slept well that night.
Robin was a dancer and she had a big audition she was about to perform for a panel of judges, and as she came out on stage, Robin twirled around.
Bailey felt sore after running for 10 miles in the rain.
Bailey studied math at the university and graduated with honors.
Sydney put Skylar in possession of the ball and Skylar dropped it.
Lee have finally solve a cold case that plagued the town for years when he arrested Sydney.
Ash finally picked it up off the floor, after it had sat gathering dust for the last 2 months.
Remy broke up with Tracy over the weekend so Tracy gather Remy's things.
Tracy took the boat and drove it into the harbor for the winter.
Skylar wants to plant a new garden for the season. He is working on the garden this month.
Robin was exhausted for the long trip to Dublin and finally landed at the airport.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers into the opening of a machine and they were cut.
Aubrey needed to know what day the report needed to be turned in.
Wanting to keep the public safe from the situation, Robin kept the wolf from the door.
addison was watching television when he saw an ad for disneyworld.
Alex was going to visit his cousins in another state. Alex drove all the way from Florida.
The memory of Aubrey's death burnt within Addison, to the point that they couldn't eat or sleep.
As the official mathematics tutor of Kendall, Addison always ensures that he provides an efficient answer to all of his student's questions.
Tracy decided to go to the store to buy a harmonica to see if she could carry a tune and write music.
Remy infringed upon the rights of his neighbor, while in a particularly bad mood, he knew he would be regretful and disappointed in himself afterwards.
Cameron decided to go play outside. He was rolling around in the dirt. He came in and Skylar realized he should wash his hair.
Riley and Casey were fighting and Riley meanly pushed Casey's fingers in the door jam then slammed the door.
Carson and his wife split, causing the kids to struggle in school. Carson met their teacher.
Jordan pressed Addison's face to the ground and repeatedly kicked him.
taylor needed help so sydney slid taylor's hands into the mittens.
Casey orders fried okra at a restaurant that just sells meat based products.
Tracy could not afford a bad grade on the important test the next day.
Aubrey loved the pizza so much that she ate the whole large pizza by herself.
Lee stole a book they wanted to read from their classmate but at the end of the day, Lee put the book back in their bag.
Jordan took some time off from work to relax and unwind from the stress.
Addison asked them what the problem was because it seem there is a problem.
Ash bought dinner at a price and the dinner was a giant steak with some potatoes.
During a meeting with his office superiors, Kendall went against the grain.
Aubrey went hiking in the woods by themselves to prove they were not afraid of the dark.
Aubrey asked Riley to take charge of the situation with the problem at work.
austin wanted to be nice to his friends so he gave sasha the pleasure.
Aubrey had already been there several hours, so now Aubrey waited in line impatiently.
Addison put Jesse next to his friend Riley in the line for recess at school.
kendall took snake poison and ended up getting sick forever.
Quinn rode Lee's skateboard to school because it was a smoother ride than his.
Cameron gave Austin all the money needed to buy the  rims for his car.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to lunch behind his back.
Jordan wanted Bailey to win so much that he took the role of campaigning  for him.
sydney was loyal to the cause so she carried out alex's plan.
Casey was trying to make extra money and shoned Carson's shoes for him.
Sasha sold their home at the price requested and just needed to close the deal and collect payment.
Alex bought a new charger after their old one stopped working again.
Kai decided to go home for the holidays and left his post.
Lee held onto the rope and lifted up out of the water on the skis.
Jordan whistled at Tracy and made her head turn around in surprise.
When Lee caught Addison stealing, Lee fired Addison on the spot.
Addison covered their ears with their hands because everyone was making so much noise.
Ash held back his hair as he vomited into the bucket.
Ash kissed Austin on the forehead because Austin was a scared little boy.
Kai used tools to help his mother clean up the garden.
Robin took Carson's phone away after Carson teased Robin with it.
Addison asked Tracy's girlfriend out. Tracy certainly wasn't very happy about it.
During the dance class, the teacher Allison directed Jesse's hands on their hips.
Robin received documents from her employee that were not very good.
Cameron Rode several rides until she threw up on everyone.
Kai was playing with her sisters vase and broke it.
Robin kept their stuff together so they would be ready to leave in time for their trip.
The next day Lee promptly paid Robin's money back with $5 of interest.
Because Jan always gets into fights, they got uninvited from a wedding. Jan decided to go anyway.
Bailey wouldn't stop talking to their friend in class. Bailey prevented the class from going.
Tracy made the Cameron evaluation better by proof reading it for him.
Sasha told their friends they could stay at their house that night.
Remy wanted to celebrate by consuming a large amount of food.
Austin gathered Jordan's children together in the play room that day.
Cameron told Jan's stories to everyone even though they had promised not to.
Cameron hammered their way home and went inside to take a shower and go to bed.
Tracy really hurt robin when Tracy made fun of their weight in front of the whole class.
Sasha put some jewels in front of the king to entice him to let her be free.
Robin went next door and borrowed some tools from a neighbor for a task.
Robin was doing work outside in their garden to plant for spring.
Sasha showed Lee the lab reports and assured him that he would be fine, as long as he took the medicine as prescribed.
Sasha based the decision on their experiences after listening intently.
Kendall's son was being awkward and would not eat dinner so as punishment Kendall took all the food in the house and threw to the dogs they kept for fighting.
Kendall had gone hiking and hadn't been seen for a week. The search and rescue team needed a photograph to share with the news that Quinn provided.
Riley looked in Jesse's directions and saw the fear that was in his eyes.
Sydney loved Tracy to death and couldn't believe that she was gone.
Sydney was never able to make friends. Sydney moved around a lot.
riley was tired of hiding the truth so she told austin what was going on.
Taylor gave many other people desert and Lee's son food.
Robin went to the zoo and looked at all of the animals that were there.
Cameron provided care to individuals who were unable to live on their own.
Tracy spent all week working on the tree house for the children.
Austin was telling their doctor , Sydney, about a bump on their head. Sydney turned Austin's head slightly.
Jan made spaghetti to eat because she wanted her favorite dinner.
Addison made a batch of cookies one day but no one that tasted them liked them.
Taylor took Addison's life because Addison lied to her about the money.
Casey urged Bailey to accept the grade against her direct wishes against it.
Ash used an X to represent the treasure on the map he created for the children's game at the park.
Jordan told Robin much more than they should have while drinking.
Ash borrowed one book. They had two more to return.
Taylor pursued the quest farther and soon found the woods where the object is located.
Sasha expected Riley to attack once, but was not expecting them to press forward with a second swing.
Quinn offered hope to people by giving them some bread and water.
After winning the soccer game remy's parents took him out to eat at his favorite restaurant. The resturuant serves the Italian food that Remy loves.
Ash loved the beach, her family went every year for their family vacation.
Bailey learned how to cook traditional food by watching their mother.
Alex carried Kendall's books home for them after school and walked them home.
Cameron used Sydney's advice well, and was able to succeed at the interview.
Ash was the new person in school and didn't know people. By the end of the day, Ash made some new friends.
Kai threw emphasis on the question which confused everyone since it was so vague.
Jan bought a sandwich for lunch but she dropped it.
Quinn opened the window on a beautiful, bright and crisp spring morning.
Carson took Tracy's car to college for her on a long drive.
Jordan got lost in a forest and tried to find his friends. He heard something and flashed lights at their friend.
Cameron wanted candy but ate way too much and got a stomach ache.
Skylar got Bailey's phone number and called her very often.
Cameron sent a quick message gathering information.
Kendall took them to the museum for the day. They wanted to educate their kids.
Lee called Alex's mother to see if Alex could play.
Carson moved closer to Lee and ran his hands through Lee's soft, long hair.
Tracy was exercising.  Afterwards, they grabbed a bottle of water to quench their thirst.
Austin read out loud the rules of the group he formed.
Cameron took sides with them about which food is best.
Aubrey saw things clearly for the first time after her brother tattled on her.
Carson checked Jesse's shoes for spiders before putting them on Jesse's feet.
Kendall sat at Jan's desk the day Jan missed school.
Jesse saw many cute dogs and so he brought home an adopted dog.
Sasha got near Robin, even after Robin had taken out a restraining order.
aubrey was thirsty in the desert so she opened a bottle of wine.
Alex wanted to make a big, healthy breakfast, so Alex made hard-boiled eggs.
There was an arson fire in the town and Audrey had played a role in the affairs.
John took Cameron to a reading group and he was surprised to find out that Cameron loved reading as well.
Riley had a huge crush on Tracy and decided to make his move.
Sydney wanted Kai to stay over night when Sydney's parents were out of town.
Riley defied every law because he was angry and frustrated.
Kendall had problems with their teacher at school. Jordan was able to give some advice.
Jan was helping with Casey's project and told Casey's coworkers what to do.
Jesse solved Aubrey's problems by talking to Aubrey and giving sound advise.
Ash did Cameron a favor and got their dirty clothes and washed them.
Alex laid Carson's hands down gently in an attempt to calm him down.
Addison took Robin's degree certificate and mounted it in a wooden frame.
Taylor had always loved stories since her mom and dad would read to her as a young girl.
Tracy purchased food at the store because they were very hungry.
Quinn was a professional dancer who had a competition coming up to prepare for.
Remy decided to confide in Sydney by telling her some things that were personal.
Tracy lived with her best friend Riley's mother while her own mother was in the hospital recovering.
Remy fulfilled their orders during the military campaign against their enemies.
Jan moved to Cambridge in 2013 and has enjoyed the area ever since.
Carson suffered zero consequences at the hands of his favorite teacher. This was unfair to the other students.
Taylor used her dental tools to save the patients tooth from rotting anymore.
Skylar went to the airport and got a plane ride to a new country.
No matter where Lee was, they were always able to find a beer.
Tracy saw Alex's friends at the store, but ignored them and walked away.
It was Kai's birthday and Skylar planned a surprise party for Skylar.
Austin walked in a straight, orderly manner. Their perfectionism was evident in their appearance, with their hair neatly cut and a perfectly symmetrical bow tie.
Taylor really liked how Sasha talked. She would follow her around the classroom just to hear her voice.
Lee tried to call Tracy after their bad argument last night.
Jordan whispered a secret in Alex's ear and Alex wanted to tell everyone about it.
Kendall liked to play poker with Ash's dad when they were together.
tracy resigned their position because they were threatened by others to have a scandal revealed.
Kendall turned Jordan's decoration into various things using a sewing machine that day.
Tracy opened the box because it was starting to stink up the kitchen.
Riley knocked on the door to see if her friend was home.
In their article, Sydney gave the reader a thorough analysis of Remy put Jan away.
Taylor found Cameron's marbles in their hands after telling them not to grab them.
Tracy was leaving on an important business trip. Addison took Tracy to the airport that day.
Kendall blackmailed Skylar because Kendall knew Skylar's secret so Skylar complied with Kendall's request.
Kendall saw Skylar from across the room and Kendall gave Skylar a wink.
Quinn ate another pear after eating a ham sandwich for lunch.
Bailey found a bug in his yard, and he killed the bug with a stone.
Even though the paper bag had a broken handle, Aubrey took it anyway.
Remy prepared another cup of soup when he realized he was still hungry.
After enrolling in the class at the local community college, Quinn came to class every day.
Addison raised the flag to see who saluted it at the football game one afternoon.
As Robin was constantly picking on Riley, Riley complained to Robin's mother.
Quinn was an artist but had gone blind from an accident so they had to ask Austin to describe the painting.
Carson saw that Bailey was disabled and needed a seat on the bus.
Cameron studied karate for years and liked learning discipline and effort from it.
Carson prevented Sydney from reaching their goal of winning against them at chess.
Lee stood up and touched her shoulders while looking into her blue eyes.
Jesse thanked Bailey's boss for Bailey's support even though Bailey hardly did any of the work.
Jesse confided in Cameron and asked not to tell anyone.  However, Cameron told Jesse's friends about it.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress and by offering her an office job as well.
Casey was really shy but still gave a presentation in front of the entire class.
Riley was a emergency room doctor so when Jan came in with a severe head wound, they operated immediately and Riley saved Jan's life.
Robin is a single mother of three kids.
Jan needed to go back to school after quitting for months.
Taylor tried very hard on the test, and did better than the other students.
Jan has had enough of it. Jan decides to face their fears and successfully climbs higher than they have ever been before.
After seeing Kendall looked ill, Jan took her to a doctor for a check up.
Bailey had collapsed onto the bed exhausted after a long day. Jordan removed Bailey's shoes.
Jesse came home to go to the celebration with his family.
Ash is an avid competitive gamer. Ash tried the hardest game Addison owned but was quickly defeated.
Carson placed the debt he had in perspective. He had a pretty large amount of debt.
Ash helped Kai arrange things in order even though Kai had been nagging all day.
Ash visited Aubrey's sick relatives when Aubrey was out of town to make sure they were doing well.
Robin got the food first and had it prepared to eat in a bit.
Jesse had a bump on his leg and it wasn't going away. Jesse got it checked out to be sure.
Bailey was taking two hours to get ready even though they were running late.
Sydney needed braces so they went to the dentist for an evaluation.
Jan casts a spell to light up the room so she could see the door.
jesse finally remembered who killed the homeless man but it was too late.
Sasha judged the children's skills at the different type of studies they did.
Cameron told Jan's stories to their friend about the big bad wolf and the little girl.
Taylor gave their word to their mother that they would never go out after curfew again.
Lee hung a picture on his wall to remind him of his wife after she passed away.
Riley bought a new tent. They wanted to go camping.
Sydney asked if she could come to the dance but was refused due to her age.
Riley gave himself access to the left over food in the fridge.
Lee hired friends to help Carson move all of his stuff.
Tracy kicked everyone out of the house and went straight to bed.
Skylar needs rehab. Skylar sold Bailey's dearly loved gift from their mother.
Quinn was quite good on the piano. Quinn developed their talent daily.
Sasha had to go to the store first so she told Quinn to meet there.
Alex gave thanks to god for sparing their life in the house fire.
Kai was going to Quinn's house for Christmas. Kai bought gifts for Quinn's family to open.
Amid all the tragedy and confusion of the situation, Riley expressed Kendall's feelings.
Carson was having a birthday party and received gifts from the others attending.
Casey got rid of every item that she had to raise some money.
Addison was trying to figure out a destination for their next vacation.
Jordan lived a mile from their job. Jordan kept walking to work.
Jesse played Remy in one last game to determine the champion of the chess tournament.
It took a lot of time, but Robin finally reached Tracy's level.
Robin kept their kids together during the storm at night while it was dark outside.
Tracy tried to find a new car.
Sydney was an avid runner and they run everyday.
Addison was learning weaving as a hobby and Addison made a basket one day.
Sydney and Sasha were best friends growing up. Sydney meant a lot to Sasha.
Sydney struck Skylar with a blow to the head and had to run away to not get caught.
Addison took part in my life before she had to move away.
Casey gave their girlfriend a puppy as a birthday gift.
Quinn was afraid to try sushi but he finally agreed to try it.
Jan noticed some pedestrians on the path in front of them, so Jan started to ring the bell on their bike.
Austin walked home one night alone after work when his car died.
Jan left Riley's keys behind accidentally in the house.
Austin had an exam tomorrow, but his friends wanted him to go out with them to a bar.
Carson got me a gift for my birthday so now I am very happy.
Ash achieved the organization's goals for selling the new item they just relased.
Sasha listened to their mom and decided not to go to a party where an explosion took place.
Carson spoke with a forked tongue and tried to get the couple to overpay for the apartment.
Quinn was having a mental breakdown and couldn't take it anymore. Quinn killed their children as a result.
Taylor stopped Bailey from getting an abortion because she felt like she was making an impulsive decision.
Sydney asked Jordan to answer the questions when she realized he was daydreaming.
Sasha played basketball alone because nobody wanted to be around her on the court.
Skylar was using a new type of bait and Skylar caught lots of fish.
Jordan tried swimming for the first time and found that they were good at it.
Cameron stole a lot of books from the library and sold them online.
Sydney packed their lunch. They enjoy food prepping and making lunches.
All of Jesse's friends were on the softball team but Jesse did not know how to play. Jesse kept practicing softball every day.
Tracy talked for an hour.  They had a lot of things to say.
Sydney was looking over the project that Tracy was doing. Sydney changed Tracy's way of finishing the project.
Addison knew she needed to stay close and kept within the bounds of reason.
Addison read a new book about fighter pilots and decided they wanted to become a fighter pilot too.
Austin got the money from their parents to buy a new car.
Kendall loved horror movies, so he attended the Horror Film Festival with friends.
riley asked my parents for permission to ask me to marry them soon.
Matthew was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron was in love and finally decided to kiss Alex on the kips.
Remy told her husband about their trip. Her husband thought it was a wonderful surprise anniversary gift.
Austin liked the night life in the city, so Austin got ready to go out.
Jordan was going to have a party for Addison. Jordan invited Addison's girlfriend to it.
Taylor was a GP in a small village and knew everyone well so went a patient came in looking very sad Taylor knew they needed to improve the patient's mood.
Skylar ordered Tracy to wash the dishes, fold the laundry, and vacuum the floor. Tracy obeyed Skylar's order and washed the dishes.
Taylor was getting hot and wanted to lose a layer. They placed their cloak on the throne.
Lee had been working the same job for twenty years. Lee knew everyone at work.
Aubrey and Lee arrive home and find a body in the house. Aubrey makes their son Lee go wait outside.
Kendall increased their score by ten percent after everyone made fun of them for their low score.
Remy was stressed about an exam the next day and called Tracy. Remy was Tracy's best friend.
Quinn made an appointment for his friend Kai at the doctor over the weekend.
The data showed Sasha spent too much time on meetings. Sasha adjusted her plan upon the data.
Carson watched Remy's movements so he could learn them too.
Alex attended to Remy's business because Remy was losing money hand over fist.
Aubrey played a role in helping set up for the school's big play night.
Sydney was not invited to the dinner so she asked if she could come.
After being assaulted and having her purse stolen Quinn always carried mace to protect herself and to prevent any future attacks.
Riley caught a cold in the rain, and spread it to everyone else on the train.
Jordan pushed themselves away from Skylar so they could focus on playing drums for Lincoln Center.
Alex took his leave for school and caught the bus just in time.
Alex was going on trip and raised a lot of money.
Kai got the dirty water from the muddy pond off their chest after they got back home.
Taylor found Remy's interests favorable and decided to team up with Remy.
Robin kept their friends together during the difficult times over the last few years.
Skylar is waiting in line at the doctors office until he is called up to come next.
Carson was hired to make the business grow.
Jesse didn't want to get in any trouble with the police.
Alex didn't like to go anywhere alone, so he kept bringing Addison along with him.
Bailey would make up stories to cover for missing class every other Tuesday while he had medical procedures done.
Jesse wanted to be just like when Riley was great and winning the championships.
Remy looked them in the eye. She was not happy with them at all.
Carson sent them to the fight after teaching them everything he knew.
Even though Jordan had cheated in the past, Ash continued to love her well and often.
Jordan eventually asked for help after failing the test the second time.
Bailey loved their dog dearly and always put it in funny sweaters before taking it to the park for walks.
Sasha was starting a new soccer club at school. Sasha persuaded the kids to join.
Robin refused to talk to Tracy because they were not invited to Tracy's birthday party.
Kai kept his nose clean by always doing the right thing and being a good boy.
Sasha determined Aubrey's customer base was young for the product and advised him so.
Aubrey was new at the school and had a hard time fitting in. So, Aubrey goes to Tracy for knowledge.
Austin took Bailey too the doctor to check up on the high fever that she was having.
Carson turned the volume up to drown out Karen's shouting and insults.
Robin acted as Quinn's intermediary when Quinn needed to talk to the judge.
kendall considered the flaws in the light and fixed them by coming up with a solution.
Kai was home sick from school and made a big mess of puke in her bed.
Bailey needed a new car and had a car wash to raise money to finance it.
Tracy urged Robin to join in on all the fun they were having.
Ash suggested Bailey play a game after school today on her nintendo switch.
Cameron played pranks on their younger sibling when they got bored.
Kendall was having a sleep over. Kendall invited Kai to stay the night.
Austin opened the closet door during a game of hide-and-go-seek, but did not find anyone.
Lee bought concert tickets for Remy's birthday for the concert that Remy wanted to go to.
Kai was trying to quit using drugs but recently had a relapse.
Tracy declared unto them the commandments and everyone spoke about a spiritual awakening.
Jesse shopped one day. The weather was cold, rainy, and dark. So it was a perfect day to spend inside at the local mall.
Jordan wanted revenge on Bailey, so he published her account information online.
The kids jumped out and scared a group of girls that included Jan.
Jesse was in a crowded room and accidentally bumped into a few men. The men began using profanity and said mean statements to Jesse. Jesse explained that it was an accident. After hearing Jesse's explanation, the men apologized to Jesse. Jesse forgave them.
After they had been dating for years, Aubrey asked Skylar to be their wife.
Remy wanted information on the investment he was thinking about making. Remy received them from sources at the market.
Sasha liked to cook so he cooked his new date an elabortate meal.
Kai was not certain he heard Sasha, so softly repeated what had been said.
Bailey was at lunch then returned to the classroom.
It was Christmas time, and the kids got presents. Jesse got a bike.
Ash saw Cameron and her husband at the fair this weekend.
Riley saved Jan's life but Jan is still has to stay at the hospital for observation.
Robin visited the beach on her vacation from work.
Lee passed the item from hand to hand until it got to its intended recipient in the back.
Sasha and her partner spent time with their kids before heading out on a long trip.
Casey didn't want to try out the experiment for class. Carson conducted Casey's experiment instead.
Taylor was uncomfortable keeping the money in the bank so she hid it in the drawer.
Riley swam with her friends all day at the lakehouse during spring break.
Sydney had been hoping to paint her bathroom for weeks now.  There was no one off at work so she stayed home all day and was finally able to open a can of paint.
Jesse made a pot of tea and split it with their friend.
Jesse is going on a vacation so Lee packed their suitcase.
Sydney tried to kiss Taylor even though she made it clear she didn't want to be kissed.
Aubrey continued Austin's search after Austin had to leave to go urinate.
Bailey wanted to give Kai a surprise party and Bailey invited all of Kai's friends.
Knowing Riley was crippled, Alex was right behind Riley to catch her.
bailey had an obligation so she fed sydney's fish everyday.
Robin cast a shadow over everyone with their bad mood and ruined the party.
Addison played the piano after school, but they didn't know the song they were playing.
Skylar found a dollar somewhere and put it in the soda machine.
jan was a simple person so she just played video games all day.
Quinn did not know how to cook. He burned dinner and it was ruined.
Lee secretly found Cameron's rare goods. Lee sold Cameron's goods without telling them.
Quinn exalted Kai's all together after she found out the kidnapper was out of prision.
Casey followed Quinn's lead to battle. They made a great team.
Casey set Remy's account in order. They wanted to help them out.
It was pouring rain right before the picnic and everything was wet. Cameron took several minutes to dry the tables and chairs.
Casey took her test immediately after spending countless hours studying for it.
Jesse brought the dog. The dog would be a welcome addition to the family.
Aubrey lost it in an accident when it was burned up in the fire.
Alex took Aubrey to the store for two hours but she always knew what she wanted.
Riley told her husband that Jan was pregnant and getting married at the same time.
tracy was looking for austin so she went in austin's father's house.
Skylar's timeline in the century was actually reached by Bailey who accomplished it.
taylor was a identity thief so she took jordan's first name.
Jan gave Bailey another shot after the break up that happened last year.
Robin found Riley's wallet at the gym so they rand Riley and Riley asked Robin to return the wallet next time they were near Riley's house.
Aubrey made a picture of her friend's family and showed Remy's mom when it was done.
Tracy got her backpack ready last night, and she woke up early this morning and had a good breakfast.
Lee witnessed a crime and after the police asked the public to get in touch if they had seen anything, Lee decided it was their duty to pass on the information they had.
Kendall jumped the queue because he was an important member of the club.
Jan was at a non-profit meeting and Jan met the organization's founder.
Jordan was an insurance salesman. They were one of the best at their company.
Kai called for help but no one showed up to help pull her out.
Bailey knew she couldn't do the job herself. Bailey joined forces with the volunteers.
Jan lived happily ever after by becoming rich and retiring to become a beach bum.
Cameron answered another question after the teacher called on him.
Bailey was a great success in school.
Quinn ate another sandwich after looking at the clock.
ash was a defense attorney so he used logic to defend his argument.
Remy made a huge difference to the charity by donating a large sum of money.
Kai bought a Kindle from Amazon so they could read, but they ended up not using it.
Sydney lost Kai's way when they went on a hike.
Remy gave Robin a bad feeling when Remy threatened to hurt someone.
Bailey and Kendall are best friends, so when Kendall was rushed to the hospital Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend to see Kendall.
Lee divided the money that was made at their store between themselves and Alex.
Remy finally saved them money buying food at the grocery store.
Addison noticed the many homeless kids and set up a fundraiser to help them. Addison made a difference in their lives.
Jesse rode a roller coaster that night and loved it despite his reluctance at first.
Sasha put Kai back into the baby chair.
Skylar spent alot of time studying for upcoming exams, then they got an early night and when they woke Skylar felt confident today.
Carson got me a gift for my birthday so now I am very happy.
Skylar found an archived video footage of a medium-sized natural disaster somewhere.
Tracy needed to get to work so Tracy started the car right up.
Riley led Quinn astray joking around with them.
Addison was working hard as always and got Quinn in Kai's trademark.
Bailey tore Remy's dress away from the thorn bush and returned it to Remy because she had been looking for it.
Tracy always teased other people because they felt that they did not like others.
Sydney set her shoulder on the wheel to rest. She was still suffering from the accident.
Remy pushed Cameron back from the curb as a speeding car went by.
quinn was idealistic so she had a dream about her one true love.
Addison kept within the bounds when drawing the color picture.
Carson suffered a loss after his house was broken into by a former employee of his.
Aubrey gave Carson a break at work because they had been working to much.
Quinn bought a new boat and showed it to his friends at work that day.
Robin put Lee's things back in the drawer before he noticed they had been missing.
Addison held Tracy in her arms for the first time.
Casey bought her child Remy a new toy and she played with it in the living room.
Sasha drove her child to the hospital because the child was running a fever.
Bailey knew that they were under oath and that lying could hurt the case.
Sydney practed for days and tried so hard to win.
Bailey begrudgingly moved back in with their parents after getting let go from the store.
Skylar chased Carson away and went home to play on the computer for hours.
Lee got married in Tracy in May that yer after many years of turmoil.
carson provided services for patients so that they wouldn't be lacking.
Austin saw another student cheat on the exam by copying answers.
bailey was a honest person so she made sure alex deposited every dollar.
After breaking their expensive new double bass, Sydney needed to buy a new one.
Ash went separate ways than Addison because he was unhappy with her.
Jan decided that they would go out and dance with their friends.
Remy dropped coins into the fountain and made a wish.
Cameron got their first stamp for their collection when they were just 6 years old.
Kai would play with Ash everyday when they got home from work, no matter how tired they were.
Austin sent Taylor the books to help him study for his exam.
Skylar learned German on YouTube.  They were able to speak German fluently now.
Lee reached out for Alex's hand and got a shake on the business deal.
Remy did not prepare well for his upcoming test.  As a result of procrastinating, Remy got an F.
Alex snapped Casey's fingers to send a message that Alex wasn't to be crossed.
Kendall went to see their grandmother who loved to read, in the hospital. Kendall helped ease the pain.
Sydney had Ash's hide becasue she does not want nobody to spend time with Ash.
Carson went to a movie that he really enjoyed, so he told his brother Casey all about it.
Taylor took a train ride to the dance that she was invited to.
Remy didn't want anyone to know. They had an important secret to keep.
Jesse pulled Remy's hand away when he tried to grab he fumbled football.
cameron gave the class time to finish but they still were not going to be done.
Bailey took Kendall to the movies and bought her some popcorn.
Ash wanted to impress their girlfriend and decided to make a great meal.
Riley cooked all evening and began eating their meal at home.
Jordan is a bully at school.  They pressed Addison's face.
After a successful campaign, they won the election, and now Addison was class president.
Addison had a great month long trip oversees traveling the countryside alone.
Alex moved to a new place. They got lost on the way home.
Addison set Carson's alarm so they would not oversleep.
Skylar ordered it online so she could get it cheaper.
Jordan opened their big mouth and shared their father's secrets with his friends.
She screamed and cried when her mother made her take it, but Cameron started feeling better after she took her medicine.
Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents to visit the park with them that day.
Addison wanted to get a painting of her parents done. Addison knew someone that could paint well.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp because they don't want them around.
Alex bought Carson's phone at the store so that he would have easy contact with him.
Austin did a good job on the presentation to the company. Austin ended up with a raise last week.
Jordan recently took extra classes to prepare for the math exam that is coming up.
Skylar was into a new book series. They read every word.
Taylor found out why Ash got fired so she explained everything to her.
Although it's illegal, Riley texted while driving.
Skylar kept within bounds when she played soccer with her friends.
Sydney and Jordan were out walking when suddenly there was a terrible crash on the road beside them, Sydney saw how terrible it was so they turned Jordan's face away from the wreck.
Bailey needed every vote they could get to become the class president.
Riley didn't like the outcome so she petitioned to have a redress completed.
Quinn read Kai book about the dangers of smoking a lot of cigarettes.
aubrey had gone to a new school so she missed her old friends.
Carson was throwing his baseball in the yard. He threw it too hard. Carson hurt another person with it.
Tracy misplaced her car keys when it was time for work they were no where to be found. Tracy looked every where trying to find the keys.
Lee waved ash's hand to declare victory after the race.
We couldn't have gotten the TV to work again without Taylor's help.
Robin brought a case to trial after deciding there was no way they could lose.
Aubrey started recording her dreams because she saw that her dreams were coming true.
Sydney was holding a platter of cupcakes and 5 fell, so Sydney put the rest of it down.
Carson's friends were fighting over something silly, but Carson washed his hands free of the drama.
Aubrey waited in line for a turn at the game at the park.
Jan's son was sick so Jan took her son to the doctor.
Bailey stole things from Jan in the past.
After getting adopted into the new group, Sasha treated the family as one.
Kendall asked questions before the test when she was unsure.
Cameron and Bailey got into an argument, Bailey decided to walk away before it got more serious but Cameron grabbed Bailey's arm and pulled them back.
Skylar was usually prepared and always tried to bring her lunch.
Lee laid next to Aubrey and looked up at the stars in the night sky.
Jan the dog peed next to Austin so Austin put the dog outside.
Ash worked so well but he later preferred  going to further his studies.
Sasha went to Kai's house to help him celebrate his birthday party.
Ash walked in the neighborhood picking up trash and litter along the sidewalk.
Lee was feeling hot and winded and wanted some fresh air.
austin became the supreme coach of all teams so austin advised the players on all matters.
Jordan would not stop looking toward the flames, so Sydney turned Jordan's face away from the fire.
Jan spent a long time searching and finally found the jacket they were looking for.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress after telling her it was a dead end job.
Alex came unto thee lke the lightning on the sky.
Carson pulled the money away when he saw that the computer he was buying was broken.
Jordan and Aubrey started dating last summer. Jordan loved Aubrey's children.
Remy saw stars when he looked through his new telescope.
Jesse was scared of everything, so you could say Jesse faced every fear imaginable.
Riley attained his end goal of making a million dollars.
Cameron went to sleep earlier than usual and got a good night's rest.
Jan decided to start eating healthy so she ate the vegetables.
Alex made Remy call his mother come and pick them up at the park.
addison was addicted to drugs, so tracy came to help addison.
Ash and his boyfriend went out for the night. Ash got so drunk he lost the keys to their apartment.
Riley saw how hard Sasha was training, so she thought Sasha would win the competition.
Kai got a better job after obtaining their degree at the local community college.
Quinn saved Kendall's business from ruin and did so without asking for anything in return.
Tracy served the ball to them and they hit it back.
Jordan found Jan's keys out back stuck behind a large bush.
Casey raised Ash's children while Ash finished a 5 year prison sentence.
Alex was babysitting one night and got hungry while there. Alex decided to get pizza.
Riley expressed Kendall's feelings through poetry which they recited in front of everyone.
Jordan spoke to their academic adviser about a scholarship while in an appointment about their internship. Jordan killed two birds with one stone.
Robin wanted to jump in the pool. Kendall held Robin's phone.
Robin grabbed their wallet and headed out to do some light shopping.
Skylar used Jesse for other purposes and made Jesse make a cake with lots of chocolate.
Sasha told Skylar to meet him at the dentist for the cleaning he would be having.
On his first day as a police officer, Skylar gave the man a speeding ticket.
Kendall cleaned the basement and got all the garbage out of it.
Taylor kissed a girl on their second date underneath the stars.
Carson accidentally chipped Quinn's tooth playing basketball and was very sorry.
Robin embraced every child knowing they needed extra love.
Tracy laughed and told him to stop making fun of her little brother for being over weight.
Addison took aspirin a while ago which helped with her headache and others wanted to follow suit.
Skylar could not get out of bed, so Skylar asked their nurse Casey to open the curtains so they could get some sunlight.
Robin called her daughter after not hearing from her for awhile.
Cameron finally hired a replacement for James, the others had been doing since work since Cameron let James go.
There were a lot of people in the contest, but Jan screamed loudest.
Cameron was crying because other students made fun of her clothing. Alex kissed Cameron tenderly.
Sydney met Addison halfway at the stairs to congratulate them on their recent pregnancy.
Carson announced to everyone that the speech would be called off, much to everyone's dismay.
Aubrey could not allow the memory of her parents to be forgotten admist all the crazyness that happened in the war, she strived for it be remembered and in the end, she did it justice.
Sasha stopped eating meat and became a vegan eater.
Robin was pretty good at basketball and decided to take it further. Robin went pro.
Tracy was short on cash so she took money from the church.
Jan made people laugh and was also a reliable friend.
Ash had to be the interim army leader while Casey was inactive thus maintaining the army.
The lecture had started an hour earlier before Kai had finally come.
skylar was a cheater so she changed addison's place to look better.
Jordan is a nice fellow who is known in the office for having a word for everyone.
After things had been getting heated for a while, Kendall kissed Quinn's neck.
Kai watched movies all day long.
Sydney always used her best judgement when making life decisions.
Kendall knelt down beside Jan to propose for marriage by the end of the year.
Robin wanted to learn how to make Thai food, so Robin took a cooking class.
Taylor saw that it was time so she carried the plan into effect.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay in his apartment building.
Remy surprised Jordan and got them a puppy. Remy saw tears in Jordan's eyes.
Cameron really listened to Sydney and used her advice well.
Carson held Casey's hand the whole time in his behavior study session.
Robin started school at noon, but didn't show up until after 2 o'clock.
Taylor had issues with anger and decided that some anger management class could be a good idea.
Ash got Cameron's towel for them after they took a shower.
Ash bought a hot dog and ate it, and then bought another one.
Ash dejan opportunity to be his wife.
Kendall opened the door to Ash and invited him in.
Kendall changed Casey's diet and her health improved dramatically.
Remy applied to college and got into everyone she applied to.
Robin just completed all of their tasks for the day and now they are free.
Remy thinks about the other persons side and imagines that they would feel bad.
Robin treated him well by going to dinner and getting a big steak to eat.
Kai calmly wiped Sydney's tears away from her sad and swollen eyes and face.
Jan left disappointed after the meeting today.
Skylar confessed their sins before Jesse's father and asked for forgiveness.
Robin wasn't sure if this was the dress for her. Robin wanted their friends approval before she bought it.
Tracy lent money to her friend but charged her interest on the loan.
Alex rode his bike away from the storm because it was raining hard.
Carson made Jesse look at them because Carson wanted to know if they look fat in their dress.
Kai studies science at his local state university.
Carson told Cameron's sister the news that Cameron was pregnant.
Jesse listened while their roommate and a guest violently argued. Jesse heard their roommate call for help and so Jesse called the cops.
Austin knew what he wanted to do.
Despite many hardships, Jan supported their children to the fullest extent that could be managed.
Tracy got in her car to go across the country and visit Canada.
Jordan contributed to Robin's understanding of physics when he helped her with her homework.
Cameron painted Carson's portrait and it turned out really good.
Aubrey went into Ash's room to look for the laptop that was stolen from class.
Carson provided Lee with an explanation for the missing animals.
Tracy paid a large tax rate on the restaurant bill that was given by Sydney.
Aubrey had been eagerly anticipating the speech at the party convention. Weeks of campaigning and preparation were paying off, and now it was time for Aubrey to delivery the speech. Aubrey had the floor.
Bailey got on a train and went back to her home as quick as she could.
Sydney recovered back in her room and got prompt medical attention for the matter.
Remy paid Casey's bill on their credit card even though they had no money.
Riley began eating vegetarian pizza in place of regular pizza at the parlor.
Riley was playing in the woods when they found a toy.
Aubrey fought hard and finally gained indepenence from Robin.
Tracy bought Remy a new necklace when it was her birthday and she liked it.
Quinn was tired but played with Skylar and their pet in the process.
Quinn told Tracy intended reactions about Tracy´s new boyfriend.
Alex found some money in their house and was told they could keep it.
Tracy taught their children to read so they know more things.
ash built a prototype nascar track so ash used a model to represent it.
Skylar found her purpose in the world. She had tried hard to find herself.
Robin jumped rope to get into shape.
Ash lost their parents in an automobile accident. Sydney also gave Ash grief.
Bailey put it there because she wanted others to see.
Jan separated from her husband and married a rich movie star.
Bailey expressed thoughts that were unpopular among her group of friends.
Kai passed Casey in the hall who was acting weird and stopped to joke around with them.
After tripping over in the grocery store and showing everyone their underwear, Sudney felt very uncomfotable.
Carson looked away from Quinn when Quinn fell down off their bike.
Riley stepped on stage for the competition, and Taylor granted Riley permission to dance.
Remy is not confident and needs help making decisions about her job.
Tracy asked Lee to meet for lunch because they had not seen each other in a long time.
Casey went away with Cameron's father and lived with him for the next two years.
Ash woke early so she could work out.
Kai stayed at Addison's house for two weeks, and paid rent the whole time.
Sydney found the dogs together after searching for hours.
Ash had a horrible sun burn. Ash put aloe on his skin.
It was Valentine's day and Bailey couldn't want to get to school. There Bailey was dumped by her boyfriend before class.
Riley's best friends were having a big wedding, so Riley prepared for their reception.
Casey loved politics, so she wanted to be class president.
Addison brought her kitten and fed the kitten new food.
Riley transferred to a new school this year and met her teacher for the first time.
Alex sat beside Jordan when they were taking the test. They wanted to look at Jordan's work.
Jan used Quinn's identity to obtain information illegally and without her permission.
Kai told his joke, all the while secretly knowing how depressed they were.
cameron was hired to be kai's bodyguard and served him faithfully.
Addison made Austin act in the play to get into Broadway someday.
Tracy sought her place in the world after spending more time with children of misfortune.
Alex was very comfortable doing good in school.
Skylar took me out to lunch to celebrate my 40th birthday.
Jan meant everything to Alex so he was devastated when Jan broke up with him.
Remy provided Addison opportunities to come clean but they persisted in maintaining their lie.
Jordan had gotten tired of Addison always hitting him so he knocked him down and pressed Addison's face to the ground.
Sydney lost her appetite for dinner so Jan finished her food.
Sydney brought flowers into the field to set up the wedding spot for Tracy's wedding.
Ash paid Cameron's bills and got a big thank you because of this act.
Jan won two tickets in the raffle and was going to collect their prize.
Jesse fixed Alex's classic Italian sports car so that it runs perfectly.
Aubrey needed to pay her bills to be happy.
sydney was injured in a building so she filed a claim against the building owner.
Jesse made amends with his father and told him that he loved him a lot.
Even though his friends wanted in, Riley gave no one access.
alex kissed cameron tenderly because they were having an intimate moment that night.
Tracy earned what he needed for Lee's bread through hours of hard work at his place.
Thoughts of Remy were in Aubrey's mind all day long and could not stop.
Ash met a girl named Quinn and became friends with her until they married.
Casey was getting ready to send their kids to school. Casey bought pencils in the store.
Gary was about to strike Robin. Robin raised their hand in protest.
Lee brought their partner's heels in to be fixed. Lee showed the heels to the tailor so that they could be repaired.
Taylor was trying to help and improved the patients condition.
Wanting to do a similarly good job as Skylar, Kendall imitated Skykar's example.
Riley is chaperoning a party when they see Jordan's son. Jordan has been looking for their son and is worried. Riley sends Jordan's son home.
Cameron had so much fun playing at the park he wanted to go back tomorrow.
Riley flew off on a tangent when she did not win the contest.
Cameron lost Ash's job after they were doing poor work quality.
Addison called their parents into Skylar's the principle office for skipping school three days in a row.
Kendall made Quinn use a fork to eat his spaghetti dinner.
Taylor went to a wedding and had a nice time with her friends.
Riley couldn't decide so she promoted every single candidate.
Addison undid Taylor's belt. Taylor was having trouble with it and needed help.
Kai found Carson crying alone in their room, Kai asked Carson what was wrong but Carson didn't want to talk about it.
Ash hasn't seen Alex in years and was excited when they spent some time together.
Ash raised and supported him. Their parents had been dead since they were kids.
Riley took their friend to a restaurant, but forgot to bring their wallet and couldn't pay.
Sydney had a relaxing and quiet even at home. He decided to end the day with a cup of hot tea.
Kai was having a birthday party and decorated their house for the party.
Kendall never returned Jordan's ball, so Jordan prevented Kendall's use of it.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter to find another dog for the family.
Alex was a carpenter and they remodeled Carson's bathroom.
Robin supported Riley's weight in the cheerleading pyramid during practice.
Alex thanked them for allowing him and Sarah to go to the movies that night.
Taylor started some new guitar lessons so that he could join the band.
Riley brought Carson food because he had to work through lunch and could not leave.
Cameron got down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend for marriage.
Sydney took Robin to the emergency room and waited nervously outside.
carson was a reasonable person so he provided lee with an explanation.
sydney was encouraged to write so sydney tried their craft at writing.
Kai made a  promise to their friend that they would be friends for ever.
Kai lay beneath the surface to hide from the coming police.
Alex had saved and worked hard for several years and had found a house to buy.
Ash found a picture that she had painted when she was younger. Ash hung the picture.
Lee saw that his daughter's hands were trying to wave to a stranger and immediately helped wave Ash's hands.
Lee said unto Kendall, "you shall be my right hand man forever.".
Ash used their cell phone while they were supposed to be working.
At the end of the day Lee gave Carson and overview of the production numbers for that day.
Addison was helping Riley move and so she got her stuff from the car.
Carson sent Bailey's lunch to school after he forgot to pack it.
Kendall told her kids that she did not wanna go to Disneyland that year.
Things were happening so fast, the entire mission was in jeopardy, but thankfully, Sasha thought quickly, and saved the mission.
Sasha introduced her boyfriend Taylor to her friends and he really liked them.
Skylar made Kai better by getting some good food to eat that night.
Skylar got brought to the hospital after the car wreck and Casey was the nurse.
ash loved jordan well enough to ask them to marry them in a few months.
Austin saw a street performer and thought he was awesome, so Austin gave the man a dollar.
Carson said they would find it which made everyone feel more at ease.
Jan's friend Bailey is going through a difficult time. Jan takes the day off work so they can spend it with Bailey.
Kai hired a chef to cook for the party so she could spend time with guests.
Sydney is in charge to lawn maintenance. Sydney came to the shed to get a cropper.
Addison got a new apartment and was inviting guests over. Skylar helped change Addison's place to look better.
Sydney saw that Lee was in an escalated situation and kept him away from the conflict.
Sasha put Casey on hold when she got another call on the other line.
Robin walked to the store to buy some milk.
Carson bought a new car that needed work, he did the work and increased the car's value.
Alex caught dust because the furniture have not been cleaned for a long time.
Addison started working on comission as a consultant for Bailey's law firm.
Skylar substituted another word when asked to do so by the teacher.
In a photo editing app, Cameron was being silly, and Cameron turned Taylor's face upside down.
Aubrey was camping with their family. Aubrey lost their son.
Alex had climbed the mountain for days and finally reached the peak.
Austin told Sasha's wife that he loved her not knowing that Sasha was listening.
Robin's girlfriend liked what she was seeing when it came to Jordan.
Casey flushed a toy down the toilet because he was did not realize it was there.
Riley took their cat to the groomer to make them look their best.
remy was a normal man and so he dated them for 3 years.
Jesse try to wake Aubrey up but got punched instead so he gave up.
Remy was anxious about their exams so Remy decided to go to the gym to convert stress to energy and do a good workout.
Skylar enhanced Tracy's understanding of a true friendship when she offered to kill her enemy.
Robin avenged their father's reputation by publishing a book.
Austin got Kendall and Teresa to fight by telling them lies about each other.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal and sat down with his orange juice at the kitchen table.
Jordan was grateful to be retiring this week after working hard for the past 50 years of their life.
Jesse collapsed on top of Carson and stopped breathing immediately.
Because we got a in a big fight, Aubrey went to my friend's house without me.
Quinn had been nervous about the visit to Austin's hometown for weeks. She gave cookies to Austin's parents.
Sasha went over to Taylor's house after a fight. Taylor told Sasha to leave.
Addison gave Alex that they would go to the movies right after he took his test.
Carson closed the door behind Jordan after Jordan came in from the bitter cold.
kendall was not a quick learner so she read the note 3 times.
Sasha made their decision and it turned out to be the right one.
Bailey stole the car despite the others warnings.
Cameron turned Taylor's face upside down during the failed experiment and didn't know how to fix it.
Casey brought the book back to Jan before the return date so as to avoid late fees.
Taylor lifted Jan's hand at the auction, making them bid on the priceless artifact.
Remy called the student into the office. They were about to expel them.
Taylor really liked Sasha, so he asked her on a date.
Casey was trying to cross the they walked out but saw a car coming so ran right back to the kerb again.
Jesse got a new hat at the store and decided that they would return it.
While browsing the real estate brocure, Skylar saw a house for sale that had everything they wanted.
Robin couldn't find the rest of the group and they were the driver. Robin found the group on the side of the road.
Tracy had accidentally left the door open when she got home and her dog ran out and was lost.
Austin wanted Kendall to get her haircut so that she would feel cooler in the summer.
Quinn viewed the contract in simple terms so they wouldn't be confused by all the extra jargon.
Sasha was showing Jan how to dance by shifting her hips back and forth.
Sasha expected Riley to attack the dissertation that was being presented for review.
Aubrey was a powerful woman who loved to control other women.
Robin gave Lee a new book for her birthday and Lee loved it a lot.
Cameron thanked the crowd for supporting them and threw guitar picks to the crowd.
Quinn turned Bailey's testimony into something bad and made her cry.
The others told Sasha to get out of the dangerous water, but Sasha liked it.
Tracy rushed to Alex's side when she saw him falling from the kid's playhouse.
Carson saw a bug in the food. Carson immediately stopped eating when he saw it.
Taylor thought well of Jesse after she took care of the lawn.
Remy pressed Jesse's body with a stick to wake them from a nap.
Addison smiles at the person who was walking their puppy down the street.
Skylar got bigger after working and lifting weights all summer.
Lee beat up his wife after she attacked him with a sledgehammer.
Alex and his friends planned to go to the gaming arcade. Alex played video games together with his friends.
Remy jerked Aubrey's head back. They were sparring in the dojo.
Casey held the team back from getting into a fight with the other team.
Quinn only met Taylor once at a business meeting, but quickly became Taylor's pal.
Tracy was going to finally win the game after playing the other team for the last hour.
Kai gave people food to help them.
Jan put a bandage on herself to make sure that they got better.
Quinn always beat his wife at chess even though she was better educated than him.
Lee completed their application and as it was due in today and gave it to Taylor who then filed it.
riley wanted to get to the place so he looked at jesse's directions.
Casey went with Carmeron's father to the store to get supplies.
casey did not know how to finish the drawing so she made a leg up.
quinn changed dirt into gold because they were an alchemist.
Tracy gave Remy an expression of happiness after Remy told a funny joke.
Jesse thanked everyone at the society for the charitable contributions and the grant.
Remy thought Addison was fun to hang out with, so Remy showed Addison around.
bailey was clumsy so he made a spectacle of himself and laughed about it.
tracy never took advantage of their opportunities and now they have a dead end job.
Sasha went and bough Kia tickets to the game tonight. Kai got Sasha's tickets from them.
Skylar gave their son food after he had taken a nap.
Sasha walked up to the podium and asked Jordan to come to the stage which caused Jordan's reaction.
Alex wanted to watch a movie with Ash. Alex climbed on top of Ash.
addison joined a gang on his first day of school so he got into a huge fight.
jesse did not want to be rude but she had to give addison a lecture.
Sydney brought gifts back home after they went on vacation.
Lee put her extensive event planning expertise to work for a charity event.
Quinn took their son and brought them to the lake for a swim.
Cameron knew he couldn't afford the overpriced shoes so he returned them.
Kendall got the ingredients together to make cupcakes for everyone.
Bailey took their dog to the dog park to get some exercise last weekend.
Carson ran his hand under cold water to wash off the dirt after coming inside.
Taylor made fruit smoothies for breakfast to stick to their diet.
Sydney was too busy at work so she called her friend to pick Bailey up.
Skylar had been trying to have a baby for a while and finally became pregnant.
Casey was sick of the chaos in their department at work, so Casey put the rules into effect.
Robin watched horror movies with the toddlers  she was babysitting.
Sydney felt sluggish two days before the school annual competition.
Sydney made Cameron's remarks seem foolish when she mocked his words at school.
Addison and Quinn were in competition to win a trademark for Kai.
Lee knew who would make dinner that night after work.
Kendall got Casey's bike to their house after seeing in the ditch down the street.
Jan woke up very hungry but Jan skips breakfast.
Cameron was driving and hit a nail and their tire blew out.
Casey was a famous baker and cookbook author, who loved her fans very much. Tracy (Casey's agent) expressed Casey's love to the people and gave out autographed cookbooks at the book fair.
Remy raised it by any means and got the funding in a few months time.
Jan was singing and sang every note right.
Taylor waited in the operating room preparing for an appendectomy. Taylor's careful work saved the patient's life.
Austin was hesitant at first, but then they were ok about going to the play this coming Friday.
Bailey wanted to thank Ash for dog sitting, so she picked up a small gift.  Ash left the gift behind.
ash wanted to help others so she joined them to form a nest.
Addison brushed my teeth because my arms were broken in the car accident.
Bailey joined forces with the volunteers and met all the homeless people's needs.
Jordan was trying to get to work on time. They quickly got to work.
Riley walked on the close side of the sidewalk next to the street next to her girlfriend.
Remy got their exam back and did really well.
Remy went right because he memorized the route as directions came naturally to him and he was very organized.
Sydney told Jesse they could do the yard work if they needed money that badly.
Remy was not being careful while playing and jerked Aubrey's head back really hard.
Robin decided to bake cookies for his friends today.
Tracy went to Sasha's house and there was a big meal being served.
Jordan had a spare ticket for the gig so they give their friend a ticket.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck because they loved them.
Austin was feeling nervous about performing in the play. Addison made Austin act anyway.
Aubrey and Robin were always doing things together. Aubrey gained independence from Robin when she tried out for the school play.
Lee was going home from work and made it home safe.
Cameron asked Casey to write him a strong letter of recommendation to the new job.
Addison remembered the city very well and walked through it for a few hours.
Addison checked Skylar's car after driving it and felt bad for damaging it.
Skylar made their mom happy by cleaning up after dinner.
Cameron climbed the fence to get the ball he threw over by accident.
Austin rendered it to their country so they could have some profit from it.
jordan was a thief so he ate cameron's cookies.
carson got hit in the head with a large rock so he rushed to the hospital.
Aubrey made signs to advertise her items for sale.
Ash saw Taylor and thought that she was absolutely beautiful.
Robin took the salt back to the counter and asked if they had anything else for baths.
jesse saw the person was going to slap him again so he put his foot down.
Ash was a beautiful young girl who had a huge crush on Jordan who 2 years ahead of her.
Ash layered another blanket to stay warm on the cold night.
Taylor would have passed the test if he had studied.
Jan left her homework assignment on her kitchen table.
Skylar really loved apples and ate them every single day.
Tracy met a stranger on the train and convinced them to come to their party.
Bailey applied for the job and the manager offered to hire them.
Robin had spent years in turmoil over her fathers death but that was assuaged when she avenged their father's death.
Skylar held her hand to Sasha's chest because she wanted her to know that she was serious about the promise.
Riley mixed salt and pepper together to prepare to make the special sauce.
Kai grabbed Casey's purse for them when they were going to the car.
Aubrey turned Sydney back around in order to keep them from getting hit by the car.
Lee sold pizza for money and was thinking of advertising in the paper.
Bailey got a brand new bow and arrow from the medival shop.
Ash diagnosed the patient with diabetes quickly and helped them get on track.
Riley was studying for her history exam so she looked at a map of Civil War battles for a long time.
Jan decided to get out of the city for the weekend with their friends.
Robin left everything.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the table to stop them from getting away.
Cameron was a big strong bully who just caught Austin stealing money from their locker.
Bailey called us back home when dinner was ready for us.
Ash sent their son to the store because they didn't trust any of their other children.
Remy got ready to throw a pitch and then bent their arm back behind their head.
The business Carson worked for was looking to expand, so Carson moved things forward.
Kendall suggest to Casey that they need to fill out the application for the job.
Taylor was working on the computer with Jordan. Together they created the system to help improve the budget.
Jan's hair was getting long and it was time for a haircut. Jan went to the shop and got her first haircut.
Addison maximized Bailey's total profits after she examined the income.
Casey found a dirty kitten in an alley. Casey gave the kitten shelter.
Alex told Bailey he would help her find a job in town.
Carson pulled up stakes to move to another country after school.
Jordan was looking to hire an assistant, so he scheduled an interview after people applied.
Remy held Skylar's meetings when Skylar failed to show up for them.
Sydney went to an art museum to look at the art and learn.
The dog started sniffing around in the house. Bailey brought the dog outside.
Cameron quietly waited for their turn in the lobby of the busy, bustling restaurant.
Quinn was moving away to get away from their parents.
Kendall's friend Chelsea had a really bad breakup with her longtime boyfriend.
Ash has trouble articulating their thoughts, so they used pictures that they drew to represent their feelings.
Ash used pictures to represent feelings so that the children would be better able to understand.
Tracy made 12 three pointers, results in a major upset over the top seed.
Jan stood face to face with the bear and puffed out her chest.
Quinn saw Aubrey's article in the paper and gave her a call to congratulate her.
After overhearing another conversation at the bar, Taylor offered their services.
After breaking the seal on the envelope, and pulling out the card, Jordan announced the winner.
Ash acknowledged with thanks the help they received from their teachers at school.
Jesse corrected the error Casey made and impressed the highest ranking employees in the company, including the CEO.
Alex ran a redlight. Alex hit a car.
Jordan coughed a lot because their throat hurt.
Jesse was elected to the Senate that spring. Jesse held the senate seat for a term.
Austin has a number of rival that likes to exaggerate and often time tells lies so today, Austin decided to use her rivals' words against them.
Lee did not give any bonus to anybody and their employees were disappointed.
Austin bought a new dress shirt and pants for their date tonight.
Taylor was playing soccer and kicked the ball hard.
casey was the ride operator so she put the ride in motion.
Sydney turned to look at Carson to hear the answer to her question.
Alex endured every insult and held his composure before exiting with class.
Addison went to the store and got some items for her Thanksgiving dinner.
Sydney went to the bank and asked if she had an account.
Carson was really depressed because they accidentally stepped on an ant colony.
Addison needed something for his pain to take the edge off.
Jordan began to drive quicker after they realized they had been running late.
Quinn heard Remy's father's speech, and Quinn´s eyes were full of tires.
Tracy spent all of their money on worthless things at the mall one day.
Carson turned Remy's pizza over and found a hair on the bottom of the crust.
Carson kept getting into fights at school and is angering his parents with his actions.
Sasha worked double shifts at work to be able to have everything done on time, so the company can grow internationally.
Quinn spent a lot of time with the Kai family. They treated them like one of their own.
remy was an adventurous person so she wanted carson's kids to go camping.
Robin brought Kendall to the attention of police when she realized she was a wanted criminal.
Kai visited friends on the memorial day weekend at the campus.
Kendall messed up her life and got out of dodge.
Ash got Quinn's name from some friends of theirs.
Riley kept in touch with Bailey after they moved across the country for college.
Sasha told Cameron that he was a very nice person.
The memory of Aubrey burned within Addison's heart and mind. Addison was grieving severely.
Riley needed something for dinner so they bought food after work.
A thief snatched Alex's wallet at the mall. Sasha chased them down and got Alex's wallet back.
Cameron did not let the house foreclose and bought Taylor's home.
Skylar used prudence as the foundation of Bailey's business of selling beauty products to suburban housewives.
alex was training lee to win a boxing fight, so alex rolled up lee's sleeves.
Robin went to see Alex perform in the school play. Robin loved Alex's performance.
Aubrey told their friend to invest in silver with them as soon as possible.
Carson found money and immediately picked it up last weekend.
Jesse sat near Cameron.  They did not know each other before.
Bailey was secretly a Russian spy and an excellent marksman. Bailey shot and killed her boyfriend.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept the gift for her graduation present.
Austin derived their weaknesses from the consent as it was later proved.
Quin was trying to stick to a diet. Riley led Quinn astray.
Carson wanted sausage for breakfast but he use bacon instead.
Jan drove back home from the party after realizing they had gotten the date wrong.
jesse was babysitting some kids for his aunt so he took them to the mall.
Quinn has had too many hours of work, but finally the weekend is her and Quinn slept like a baby.
When they saw Riley waiting around in the rain after school, Ash offered Riley a ride.
Sasha found a nice area to bring her family and they all had a picnic.
Quinn got little in return for the car she traded in.
Austin did a lot of hard work and built an amazing dog house.
Carson bought bread at the supermarket when he saw that it was on sale.
Remy sent word to Tracy that their was a position open in her company.
Looking down at the frosty mug of beer, Robin took another sip.
Since Robin wanted to take extra classes, Robin started school early.
Jordan had a really bad day and so he started drinking immediately.
Lee gave a lot of money to charity in an effort to give back to the local community.
Aubrey found some help online and got better at math because of it.
Jordan ran behind the group of people in the race but could not catch up.
Casey converted herself to christianity after hearing the priest speak.
Addison felt like a kid again when they had cheese sandwiches and cookies for lunch.
Casey had moved away to a new city, so Skylar decided to move to Casey.
When Addison finished the test early, she made sure of her answers before turning it in.
Kendall got Casey's bike to their house and had a nice glass of lemonade.
After Ash passed on, Kendall kept the gift he gave her forever.
Cameron finally hired someone after several months of interviewing candidates.
Bailey smelt bad after a long day of working outside.
After graduation, Remy sold Carson's jacket at a reasonable price against his direct wishes.
After all the studying she put in for the whole semester, when Taylor got good grades, she decided to take a long trip the following summer.
according to the article Kendall taught Alex's dog to sit.
Lee thought he had failed his final exam. Lee worried for nothing after receiving an A.
Riley quizzed Casey on the subject to make sure they were ready to pass the test.
Sasha sent flowers on Jesse's way due to the death of Jesse's mother.
Kai had been trying to make a decision about who to promote at work.
Sasha thanked their mom every time they came over.
taylor pushed sasha's hair back to see how bad the injury was and found that it would need stitches.
Taylor brought their son to a baseball game and had a great time.
ash went to harvard to be a lawyer and did well for himself.
Ash was curious about how Jesse felt about Ash's new house, so Ash elicited Jesse's response.
Riley had eyes in the back of their head and saw the baseball coming for their head.
Aubrey got up, had breakfast, dressed and headed to work.
Casey was workng at a food place and served his customers their turn.
Robin started school this year after working many jobs and saving for years.
Sasha performed a detailed cost benefit analysis and research on the proposed new project.
Bailey got so excited saw birds in the wild when they went outdoors.
Remy's wife and Remy's mother did not agree with how to cook turkey. Remy stood there by wife's side.
Jesse spent time online learning about science.
Tracy protected teammates from injury by checking their helmets carefully.
Carson overslept and did not hear their alarm clock. Carson was running late.
Kai was having a swimming party and invited many friends over.
Lee screamed for help after an assailant tried to grab her purse.
Alex lost tough of the classmate and was anxious to get a hold of him.
Sydney tried to get candy, but the candy machine in the hall was broken.
Austin was late to the game and did not play in it.
Looking to improve the group, Kai separated the wheat from the chaff.
Carson danced against Quinn's hips.
It was a long and delicious meal and Carson was finally done eating.
Kendall got Casey's bike to work so that Casey could travel home from work.
alex told a funny joke so he made addison's laugh louder.
Aubrey saw Remy's house after Remy invited Aubrey for a Christmas party.
Quinn effected Taylor causing Taylor to want to change her clothes soon as possible.
Riley pulled them to safety out of the rain.
Carson wanted to move things forward because he wanted to marry his girlfriend and have kids.
Addison sat in front of Austin and would not stop talking during the class.
Ash shouted to their son to go to the store and gave then a list and money.
Kai put the uncooked eggs in one basket then fell down while carrying them home.
Riley defied every rule when trying succeeding at her work.
Kai's mother was calling him for dinner, but Kai kept playing.
Kendall wore shoes outside, even though it was muddy and they should have worn boots.
Aubrey tendered their resignation and brought the others in to interview for the position.
tracy was a thief so she grabbed kai's stuff and made a run for it.
riley was a brave and kind person so he saved jan's life.
Jan rested a hand on Kendall's forehead to check that she was okay.
Aubrey took Sasha's mom out to dinner to thank them for helping.
Kendall moved another piece of furniture into the house, completing the set in the living room.
Typical of fall, Kai spent the entire Saturday morning raking the leaves on his front porch and on flowers.
Jesse went with Addison to the store to buy some items there.
Robin evened the score. Good for Robin. Sticking it to the man.
Remy got a good grade on the math test he took last week.
ash was responsible for the accident so she paid cameron's bills.
Jesse kept practicing basketball. They wanted to make it into the NBA one day.
Taylor showed Casey the path through the woods, but warned that it's dangerous.
Remy took Skylar's money which weighed on his conscious heavily.
Alex made eye contact with Sydney from across the room at the party.
Jesse supported Tracy's cause throughout the years, even through difficult times.
Bailey yielded Sydney's income and went to dinner to get something to eat.
Vivian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney looked silly when she dressed up.
Robin noticed that the new students were scared to talk, so she introduced them to the class.
Taylor was potty trained by his parents at a very young age.
Sydney looked great in the costume for the school play.
Robin started School this year and wanted to get their degree.
Robin knew that Kai really wanted her to the like her outfit so when Kai asked her opinion, Robin said she loved it.
Sasha bought several dresses from difference stores for the big dance that was coming up.
skylar took a energy drink so she was wide awake.
Taylor bought Christmas decorations for the holidays and decorated the tree.
Jesse spent the morning going over Quarterly reviews, the numbers were looking so great.Later, at the afternoon staff meeting, Jesse called his employees into the room.
Addison got good after committing to practicing every day.
Bailey punctured a tire on their tire. Cameron fixed the tire.
Quinn viewed the chart in terms of how it was organized.
Remy was Tracy's best friend. Remy always listens to Tracy's problems, keeps their secrets, and gives good advice.
Jordan liked to listen to music and play instruments. They played the flute in high school.
Kai had made a promise to his friend and crossed his heart and hoped to die.
Skylar had to boil water on the stove for some tea because the microwave was not working.
Sydney washed their hands outside using the garden hose .
Bailey really let Jan down in their moment of need but Jan gave them another shot.
Sasha spent a lot of time studying for the test.
Skylar loved all sports and loved going to the local bar to play pool.
Aubrey picked up the trash in the parking lot.
While it wasn't their intention to be mean, the friends did not include Kai in their weekend plans as Kai spoke too loud and too often and Kai gave people headaches.
Casey saw a sign saying "no motorbikes" but decided to ignore it and took his motorbike off road because he really wanted to ride in that area.
Jan told Casey's coworkers a big lie.Casey found out and told everyone.
Sydney stayed on the course and finished all eighteen holes of golf.
Kai loved each of their three children, and Kai helped one's friend.
Jordan had a good job, but they found a very low costing apartment.
Kai wasn't always close to his brother. Kai shared stories with his brother and Kai grew close to him.
Kendall began to laugh at the boy when he fell down.
Remy was preparing for the birthday party when she decided to prepare another gift bag.
Kai told their kids to forget about what happened.
Alex is celebrating their brithday and is inviting Sashas friends over to join them.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp so that they could be alone for a while and play video games.
Skylar was washing Jan's hair and used lots of shampoo to make suds.
Taylor put the story another way so their little brother would understand.
Sydney decided not to get involved with the disagreement so Sydney went about their business.
Jordan poked Sasha's eye out and made it reappear as a magic trick.
Owen was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney went to Japan on leave and met a lovely Japanese girl and fell in love with her.
Aubrey followed Tracy into the room to confront her, but Tracy had some things she wanted to address also.
Kai was asked for the current time which he gave after checking his watch.
Austin slept next to Lee because Lee woke up scared from a nightmare.
Aubrey saw Kai as a friend after they have known each other since high school.
Jordan wanted to spend some quality time at home with the kids, so they took the day off work.
Tracy had gone missing, so Lee tried to call their cell phone.
Jordan gave their sibling something to eat so they would have a good lunch.
Skylar asked Quinn to see her new house after she finished building it one day.
Lee quickly began running and eventually won the race.
Quinn pulled over to give the hitchhiker a ride since it was raining.
Ash maintained casey's army while casey was away and kept the army in fighting shape.
Skylar gave their son a video game and they all started to play it too.
Carson assisted the customer in determining the correct length to hem the pants.
Skylar was walking down the street and then smelled blood on the ground.
Robin was given an important new contract at work.  Robin put all his efforts into completing the project and worked for months to finish it.
Addison slept last night after she took a strong sleeping pill.
Cameron assessed the patient's pulse. The pulse was good as best he could tell.
Remy realized the mistake that they made so Remy told Jordan they were sorry.
It was after hours and the library was closed, so Riley gave himself access.
Cameron announced Kendall's arrival just before King Kendall came strolling into the meeting hall.
Sydney stayed in the SAT course even though it was hard.
Riley made Kendall's discovery of the extra snacks known to their friends.
Carson sold their car dearly as he needed at least two thousand dollars.
Kendall gave Quinn their attention when they were asked a question.
Austin came back to Carson after Austin reflected on what had happened between them.
Austin cut Quinn's hand by accident with the sword.
Bailey had a party to go to later on that night and needed to choose an outfit, so Bailey looked in their closet.
Jesse loved to play football. They had been on a football team for 10 years.
Bailey pointed her finger at them and the others looked for a cop.
Lee threw himself off balance and he fell to the ground below in a huff.
Taylor took my daughter to her dance class after she finished work.
Robin broke Quinn's glasses without even noticing it.
Alex was walking home a way they hadn't been before and got lost on the way home.
Kai got a notice that their work was accepted by the newspaper.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job and Tracy did not appreciate it at all.
Skylar was given a bunch of prerequisites for her admission into college. Skylar met their requirements.
Austin was looking for a quick high protein breakfast, so he mode scrambled eggs.
Cameron told their mom about it so she could help them.
Aubrey got some attention on her project from people that knew a lot about math.
Tracy missed the bus to school. Tracy asked Austin's family for a ride to school.
Kai gave the book to their friend when they asked to borrow it.
Remy was excited that his birthday was tomorrow and his sister was throwing him a party.
Quinn turned Bailey's testimony to account for all of their actions.
Skylar had her first baby and was very busy but still found time to cook dinner for the family.
Kendall asked Sydney's friend to go to the dance this coming Friday.
Addison went home after a very long day at work.
Skylar found a recipe for the food they were going to cook for dinner.
Jordan ate healthy. They wanted to live a long life.
The two cats hated each other, so Sydney kept the animals apart in separate rooms.
Lee came within the scope of the investigation and was soon brought in for questioning.
Aubrey saw what was wrong and decided that they would fix it.
Ash welcomed Cameron back to the team after Cameron had been suspended for cheating.
Ash wrote the essay for school.
Ash took matters into their own hands and rigged the election so they would win.
Remy wanted to get to know Sydney better, so Remy invited Sydney to visit.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept the gift when they handed it to them at work.
Bailey gathered their friends around the water cooler for a discussion.
An angel came unto Robin and Ash after they almost died from a car wreck that killed 2 other people.
Robin always beat the clock when she was practicing against Casey.
kai was lifting weights all day so he got stronger.
Skylar borrowed some tools from their neighbor to do some home repairs.
Sydney concentrated on the ball in their hands, and no one was able to make them fumble.
Alex refused to go to the movies with his friends because he was tired.
Tracy had a very specific routine before she got ready for work.
Kendall was babysitting a neighbor's son and daughter for the day and took them to the museum.
Remy invited friends out to the hockey game he was playing in.
Casey stopped for ice cream. He brought one of his friends and Casey paid for both.
After finding a way to fix the duck, Cameron made some rice and bought napkins.
Riley treated her son to dinner to a giant steak with a side of mashed potatoes.
Tracy hastily grabbed Kai's gym stuff while going out the dooor.
Addison gave Robin an uneasy feeling about the big scary monster that just appeared in the movie.
Robin went to school to be an officer and got her badge.
Tracy died a thousand deaths after being embarrassed at the school.
Bailey learned to play the guitar and decided to play it for everyone.
Bailey decided to point her middle finger at the cops because she was a mean person and hated authority.
Lee got mad at Kai for breaking the prized crystal bowl.
Kai got shocked when he heard about the death of his uncle.
Kendall tried to fix their sink on their own, but it took them hours of work.
Aubrey asked their kids about how was their day at school everyday.
Alex caused disbelief in humans because they did not like how people acted.
Remy invited friends over and they all said they were busy.
Sasha kept their eyes open and Jesse asked them why they would not sleep.
Remy started feeling better after she took some medicine that she had in the cabinet.
Jan moved to Cambridge from Flagstaff, Arizona after she graduated college in 2013.
Casey wrote another book about their experiences during the Vietnam War.
Taylor made Ash's home look nice with they helped with painting.
Skyler made a terrible mistake and now lied at Quinn's feet.
After explaining everything very carefully to Alex, Casey obtained Alex's understanding.
Riley worked hard over many months and eventually attained a satisfying means to an end.
When her friend was done playing Taylor took the kite to use.
Alex had a surprise party at their house for Bob's 21st birthday.
Robin was jailed for a long time. Aubrey gained Robin's independence after an appeal.
Taylor thought it was interesting after hearing a talk on building cellular scaffolding.
Ash took the most difficult test Addison gave in their class and passed.
Alex expected Robin's answer by the next day latest but never heard from Robin again.
Alex escaped Cameron's cage and flew out of the window.
Ash marked every empty space in the room for the arranging of furniture.
Jordan pieced the information together.  They finally understood what went on.
Alex spared Sasha's life in return for a weeks worth of rations.
Jan got through their head after explaining the situation at great length.
After being told that they couldnt get a traditional load, Jordan had to use their home to secure the loan.
Taylor just got a new promotion at work as a consultant. Taylor did this work around the world.
Quinn got stronger and stronger until finally he could win against his brother at arm wrestling.
tracy loved studying so she always did well in private school.
ash was in charge of the summer camp so she arranged kai in the right order.
Jan ripped the paper apart when they wanted to throw it away.
Victoria was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
After their grandfather died from lung cancer, Jesse stopped smoking almost immediately.
Riley struck a blow to the head during the boxing match.
Aubrey showed up and the asked the employees to come  forth if they are responsible for the broken pots.
Tracy did a good job on the test and got a great grade on it.
Quinn nodded her head in agreement and expressed satisfaction with the actions taken.
Lee has been a great asset to the church, he read the Lord's word.
Austin never wore a hat because it was too hot outside.
Skylar resumed their duties at work and got a lot done.
Carson was searching for the perfect purse in the mall. Ash gave Carson time.
Alexs stopped and got lunch for everybody that was hungry.
Alex welcomed Skylar and made her feel at home with a nicedinner.
Carson was a movie and celebrity buff who admired many different actresses.
Addison would teach Sydney to read every afternoon after getting home from work.
Kendall held Robin close that night and they both got a big drink at home.
Sydney invited their friend over to watch the concert on pay-per-view.
Taylor turned the air blue in her dream after she defeated a dragon.
Jordan wanted some candy to munch on. Jordan quickly got some from the kitchen.
Sasha is a zookeeper in charge of the aviary.
alex got a new bed that was comfortable so he slept soundly at night.
Alex kept an eye on Taylor while she played at the park.
Tracy's wife was wearing a beautiful blue mini-dress at the bar last night.
Kai improved their conditions when they began to exercise and eat healthy food.
Kendall devolved at work and Carson had to take over his duties.
Alex brought Skylar to the movies to see the a new horror movie.
Skylar and their friends finished the card game. Skylar gathered up every last card.
Lee was able to gain enough weight for the wrestling tournament.
Bailey stayed home from work and sat on the couch playing video games all day.
Austin was competing with Taylor at wrestling.
Aubrey paid for half of the pizza that she and her friend ordered.
Addison didn't go away when people were mean to her one day.
Alex was ready to play the game and took up Ash's position on the field.
Sasha was playing football and crossed the goal line. They dropped the ball on the ground.
Alex joined the team and thought of himself as simply another player.
Addison was a barista at a local coffee shop. She changed jobs without notice.
Tracy defrayed them in connection with crime and was going to be investigated by the police.
Taylor was trying a new restaurant and they really enjoy spicy foods.
Quinn finally found the car keys after looking everywhere for them.
Addison maximized Bailey's profits by adding a secret ingredient to the cakes.
Tracy gave Casey a basketball for a nice birthday gift one year.
Sydney belonged to the group that Cameron started one year in college.
Ash had the flu, but still wanted to go out to play, so Austin kept Ash at home.
Austin ran the comb through Bailey's tangled hair. Bailey yelled at him because it hurt her.
Aubrey sent text messages to all of her friends telling them she was leaving.
Ash asked Taylor to call somebody to help fix the computer system.
Sasha got Cameron's car fixed for his birthday present that year.
Skylar supported Remy's claim because he thought that it was a fair claim.
Carson waited to go back in the restaurant till their friends arrived there.
Bailey was having a rough time and Riley was only kicking him when he was down.
Taylor made Alex make more sense by interpreting her statement.
Lee did Austin's assignment well because they want to succeed.
Austin studied for weeks for an exam but then discovered that they were not eligible to sit it as they were 2 years to young.
Alex was a firm believer in some really ridiculous ideas and theories, but with good arguments and logic, Casey changed Alex´s attitudes.
Jesse was going to meet a blind date but because they were nervous, they brought Tracy along with them for moral support.
remy was a good citizen of society so he saved austin's life.
Sasha gave Addison assistance when they were having some trouble at work.
Kai won an award at school for doing so good on their work.
Kai finally convinced me to try the new restaurant in town.
Skylar was eating lunch with her friends and told them she didn't like the food they made.
Sasha called my friend a harlot and my friend agreed.
Taylor was trying to make it clearer so she put the news another way.
Remy was having a yard sale trying to raise money for their holidays so they made made and then posted flyers all over the neighbourhood.
Ash decided to quit after not getting the expected raise he wanted.
Even though Sydney had not completed their earlier plans, Sydney introduced a plan further to amend.
Alex ate potato chips. However, he ate too many and got a little nauseous.
Skylar spilled chemicals in their eyes. Tracy washed Skylar's face.
Alex has a date tonight, and spent a lot of time getting ready. Alex smelt very good by the time they left.
Riley told the person that he didnt want to go out with them.
Remy finally called her friend to come over because they were scared.
Tracy had accidentally pressed upon Austin in the small elevator and it was awkward.
Riley was getting married and having a wedding reception to celebrate.
Skylar was crying because they had been conned by a con man. Addison marched over and got Skylar's money back.
Taylor said Bailey would leave after dinner last night as soon as the dishes were done.
Robin picked up the paper and read it while shopping, then took it back to the counter.
After spending two hours trying to undo a knot, Kendall finally pulled the strings together.
Cameron broke her friends leg on accident by bumping her down the stairs by mistake.
Quinn was working really hard and listened to Bailey's advise to take time off.
Aubrey went to the home improvement store to get paint for their room.
Casey looked over Kai shoulder to see if any enemies are approaching.
bailey wanted to get exercise so she learned to swim.
Cameron was too excited to wait and wanted to go straight away.
Cameron is a manager at a large organization.  They gathered everyone together.
Alex gave Lee's son hugs and gave him some nice little kisses too.
Kai had a great time catching up with their long time friend from school.
Taylor stormed off after her friend had been being silly with her.
Jan looked forward to seeing the movie after it finally hit the theaters.
Ash had a great time at Jesse's party. All of their friends were at the party too.
Aubrey had moved away a few years before and missed their friend Kai.
Remy took melatonin in an effort to get to sleep.
Sasha was driving when they saw an animal that was lying by the road injured.
Austin was making a short film but made it longer than usual.
Lee was at the grocery store with his mom. He carefully pushed the cart for her.
Sasha hiked , fished and camped all her adult life.
Jordan ate healthy and decided to work out at the gym every day.
Lee ridded Robin's horse for an hour and then got off to get lunch.
Jesse nickeled and dimed purchases because a penny saved is a penny earned.
Carson wasn't feeling good so Kai left them alone.
Ash wanted to learn to play guitar and took lessons.
Jan's new roommate kept trying to store things in Jan's room. She finally asked for space.
Ash took Kai's medicine today for no reason at all.
Sydney decided to stop being so responsible so she began to throw caution to the wind.
Taylor and Tom had been walking around the park for hours looking for their lost dog, but it was getting dark, so Taylor asked Tom to go home.
Skylar covered their bases and got all their chores done.
Ash paid all of Remy's bills for them as a gift.
Robin put the food in the trash after she was done with eating it all.
Jan brought Jesse to the doctor so that Jesse could have hip replacement surgery.
Jan called Kai's friend to see if she wanted some snacks.
Remy arrived safely at the party after almost getting in a car accident.
After tasting them with the new sauce, Ash liked the vegetables better.
Robin sowed their oats with most of the women in his class.
Tracy caught a bird and she decided to keep it.
Quinn started barking playfully at his dog in the park.
Kendall bore this paper in mind when they were writing theirs and got a good grade.
Robin cheerfully rode his motorcycle to work on a sunny spring morning.
Jordan studied for a week for the big test that they had coming up.
Bailey was going to throw a New Year party.  They fully expected a big turnout.
No one wanted bread because they were on a diet, but Casey bought bread anyway.
Bailey carried every one of the boxes. No one was around to help them.
Jan was making sandwiches for the picnic. Jan brought bread from a store.
They wanted an office for their business, so Bailey rented the managing properties for a small fee.
ash was hungry and starving so he asked his parents for one piece of bread.
Lily was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse held their partner in check so they didn't start the race early.
Tracy used the last of the milk they had at breakfast that morning.
Isabella was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley went to the store and bought some fruit for his fruit basket.
Skylar was going to be showcasing her pieces at the next gala. Skylar developed another painting.
Robin's car had been having problems and was due to take in.
Quinn had a child and went to court to keep parental right to them.
Jan prolonged their time with Lee because they really liked spending time with them.
Aubrey performed Addison's functions at work when Addison was sick.
Remy asked for Jordan's pardon. Remy didn't know if Jordan would grant it or not.
Bailey had made Austin's enemy list and was at the top of it.
Jan gave her parents a hard time about getting old and having gray hair.
Due to the fact he was lonely, Casey came home with a dog.
Kendall was tossed the ball but couldn't make the shot. Kendall passed the ball to her teammate.
Alex found out his company is going out business.
Bailey derived Alex's benefit from a newly designed and implemented welfare program.
Sydney had a big job interview in the morning and had a hard time falling asleep.
Jan avoided to say anything about Addison's appearance to their freinds.
Cameron asked Casey to write a letter back home everyday she was deployed to the war.
Jesse listened and told Remy they had heard the noise from the basement.
Austin called their dad for help when their car wouldn't start.
Kendall went to Jesse's head with all of her stories about plots against Jesse.
Sydney was a volunteer at a soup kitchen where Sydney provided food to people.
Ash opened up quickly when asked about his new game.
Remy grew flowers, onions, corn and peppers in their back garden.
Austin proposed to Tracy, and Tracy came to meet his father at his house.
Ash took a lot of time getting ready and looked stunning.
Bailey worked a full time job to support her family.
Kai opened the package of sugar before making the afternoon tea.
Jordan produced the fruit annually and sold it at local farmer's markets.
Sydney told Bailey's grandmother that she was having a tough time in school.
Quinn finally found their dog after searching for them for hours.
Taylor gave Aubrey advice on how to shop for clothes. Aubrey took Taylor's shopping advice.
Sasha kept my eyes open so I wouldn't fall asleep while studying for the test.
Addison grew to love Kendall and decided to propose on their anniversary.
Jan put cloth on Addison's hips to measure it for the custom made skirt.
Remy was very sickin bed and nothing to do, but her mom took her with the best doctor in the city. Lee restored Remy to health.
Even though she had homework to do that night, Jesse helped Skylar study.
Kendall was writing a story for children. Kendall finished their book.
Taylor stirred men's desire and was eager to date.
Skylar was taking a test last Monday because they were absent last time.
Ash wanted anyone to know about the upcoming birthday party at the bar.
Kai remembered her forever and was so happy when they got back in touch.
Robin was especially hard on the boys in the classroom that she taught.
Jan avoided Addison's appearance when they dressed in a silly costume.
Jesse provided Ash an understanding of the textbook subject.
Jordan continued to walk to school after stopping to see their friend.
Remy loved Tracy so much he asked her to marry him.
Ash boxed oneself into a corner when she was being attacked.
Aubrey left the classroom after she got in trouble.
Kendall really liked the person for their looks and personality when they started dating.
Kai built Carson's bird a nest as a surprise for Carson.
Alex served under Lee in an apprenticeship that lasted for years until Lee decided they were ready to take the next step.
Alex kissed Lee deeply after they got done with their date.
Jordan brought the food to Sasha end at the line so they didn't need to wait.
Jordan was tutoring Casey and gave him example sentences to study.
Addison took responsibility for their children and taught them good manors.
Casey came to school, but forgot the presentation. Jan made Casey start anyways.
Remy threw her trash around and had to clean it up later.
Lee got sick too, along with everyone else that went on the fishing trip.
Getting to work late every day was something Skylar was warned about so they finally got fired.
Addison had been in school for years and finally graduated from college.
Taylor wanted to leave early than planned, Sasha offered to see him off.
Sasha was driving on the highway after drinking and celebrating at the spring party.
Ash had too much stuff so she had a yard sale.
The skillful prosecutor Lee brought the trial to a conclusion with his adept closing remarks.
Aubrey bought a new car and went to her friends home to show it off.
Aubrey kissed the gunner's daughter and assured her that the shooting wasn't her fault.
Quinn went to the party and met a really nice guy there.
Sydney heard the kids would not be getting gifts, so she gave them gifts fro Christmas herself.
Austin wanted to start his own business that would help others buy things more cheaply.
Jan needed to go quick and was thankful to make it to the bathroom in time.
Taylor fulfilled their obligations, and only then would they relax and have some fun.
Cameron took Addison's word for it when he said he was a member of the National foundation for space people.
It was her day off, so Bailey took her dog to the dog park.
Casey was tired after working all day. They went to the mattresses to lay down.
Jesse was in a hurry to leave for a party.
Ash got a new car and got into an accident the day after he got it.
Ash cooked a romantic dinner of pizza for his girlfriend on her birthday.
Sydney gave the speech but failed to mention that it was Alex who had written the speech.
Robin kept Jordan close at the haunted house.
Taylor is a medical doctor at a big hospital.
Aubrey was very responsible and wanted to help a friend.
Aubrey drifted away from the other scuba divers while on a group dive.
Quinn had too much to drink with his friends and threw up everywhere.
Lee plied Casey with questions after seeing her kiss someone else.
Ash came unto Robin to try to get some information from them.
Kai was greedy and scoffed the pizza in the restaurant, they put too much in their mouth and suddenly Kai started choking.
Riley was running late for work after waking up late and playing games on their phone.
Jordan decided to help with the camp fire clean up and raised volunteers at his church.
Jan was riding the turnip truck to the park. Jan fell off the turnip truck.
After realizing his family had to go, Jesse decided to get food and go to the football game.
Addison got Carson and the group together for a photo because their reunion was fortuitous.
Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to them after Taylor graduated college.
Skylar attended school for the first time and made lots of new friends on her first day.
Sydney went to buy an ice cream on the boardwalk when she got separated from friends.
Jan spent the rest of her life with Quinn after he proposed to her.
Quinn met Carson's boyfriend, but thought they were rude and pretentious.
Addison leaved the casino to go back to the hotel to sleep.
Quinn new that Tracy had a crush on him so he went out of his way to avoid Tracy's romantic actions.
Ash met friends at the door after not seeing them for over a year.
Jan played volleyball with all of her friends on the beach before the had a bonfire.
Addison was always forward and without hesitation undid Taylor's belt.
Nobody knew how to get in contact with Jan who was away visiting their relatives, but Robin produced Jan´s number.
After getting mad over something really stupid, Jesse put Lee's mind at ease.
Riley threw a rock at their house. It was done in anger.
Remy produced a presentation to improve Casey's impression of the team that didn't seem to be working hard.
Austin bought one hundred tickets for the contest. Austin won the raffle.
Jesse grasped Addison's hand and prevented Addison from falling off the cliff.
Robin kept their friends together despite Ted wanting to be with her.
Carson said bye at the airport before leaving on a trip.
Quinn traced their shadow back when they were looking at where they came from.
Jordan eventually asked everyone at the party to leave his house.
Alex wants to share knowledge from books their our reading with their friend Robin.
Riley was trying to hold Jan's hand. He crossed her palm.
Quinn gave Sydney an educating in helping people with their problems.
Jan taught their dog to sit when she was training him.
Kai's kids wanted sugary snacks for lunch. Kai told their kids no.
Aubrey told her child that she did not want her to be mean to the other kids.
Sasha sent her daughter to college.  Her daughter graduated with honor.
Addison is the general store manager where Sasha currently works.
Ash called home often to catch up with family and see how they were doing.
Cameron thought outside the box and ultimately came up with the solution to the problem.
Alex got food on the way home, which they proceeded to spill before they got a chance to eat it.
Taylor realized people thought it was meant as an insult, so Taylor put the compliment another way.
Austin shuffled past Casey's feet in an attempt to steal her purse.
Kai fought their way out after being trapped for days.
When placed on the witness stand at the trial, Austin told all.
Casey read aloud to Sydney and they both enjoyed the story about the big pirate in the sea.
Alex tried to get away the challenging role in the development project assignment.
Aubrey was turning 16 this weekend. So, Aubrey decided to thrown a huge party.
Aubrey took private swim lessons so that she could learn to swim before vacation.
Taylor was feeling generous and decided to give Carson a treat.
Bailey got Ash's books back after Charlie had stolen them.
Carson wore their helmet because they wanted to ride their motorcycle.
Quinn was in a book shop reading a copy of the newspaper, several others were also reading the paper.  Quinn noticed the person beside him had just turned the page and Quinn also turned the page.
Jordan put the cookies in a jar so that all the children could enjoy.
Jan dropped Kai's gaze after they got caught staring at them.
Ash raked leaves after her dad asked her to.
Casey asked her coach for lessons to learn how to play the guitar.
Robin had a long talk with their ex. Robin got back together with them.
Remy spent the day at the park running and playing around with his friends.
Alex broke school rules and sold candy to a friend on campus.
Sydney is very loyal to the company, which is looking to reduce staff.
Sasha made decisions for Remy about what clothes they should wear to school.
Robin took Quinn's hand of cards to see if that's what they were really dealt.
After Kendall teased Sasha at dinner, Sasha acted in a Kendall-like manner, causing everyone to laugh.
Carson established Kendall's identity. It wasn't easy to do and it revealed much about Kendall.
Carson had lived a long and interesting life, and wanted to write their life story, but Carson was illiterate, so Quinn wrote Carson´s book.
Remy bought a new gem and put in in their collection that they had been building.
Skylar was so upset and Jan yesterday, he really wanted to kill her.
Lee turned into the king's favorite and got special rights granted from the king.
Ash tried Addison's hardest problem and was able to solve the problem with ease.
Riley needed some milk for dinner that night. Riley was all out so she sent Jordan's son to the market.
Alex admired Tracy so much that she made the statue in Tracy's image.
Even though it was their first MLB game, Quinn hit the ball out of the park.
Tracy and Austin have been in a relationship for a while but recently, Austin decided the hurt from Tracy is enough.
Remy asked what Tracy thought about the people she was hanging out with.
Alex got pizza after calling to local restaurant for delivery.
Taylor is my daughter's nanny. Hours ago, she took my daughter to her dance class.
Tracy never took drugs, even when all of his teammates were using steroids.
Robin made the worst ever dinner for their friends that night.
Bailey began Cameron's program, and soon found that it was full of bugs and glitches.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction when they won the game, and Cameron turned to Robin in the stands and blew them a kiss.
Skylar came to get Austin from the baseball game once it had finished.
Jesse finally met his coworker's spouse, and he immediately fell to his knees when he saw who it was.
Sydney watched the television to see if the game would be rained out.
Sasha wanted to go with her Mom to the shopping mall.
Cameron hit it from behind.
Skylar made food for the whole family and it was a big feast.
Kendall finally has no choice but to take care of her health after being diagnosed of diabetes.
Robin bought clothes on sale after losing over 50 pounds last summer.
Remy recently moved from the country into a big city and was nervous about meeting people.
Connor was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha met the country's prime minister after sending multiple letters of political agreement.
Jacob was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron slowly moved Taylor mouth up and checked to see if the tonsils were swollen.
Ash is clearing their yard of dead trees and replacing them with new ones. After cutting down the trees, Ash pulled up stumps.
Austin had a huge crush on Addison, and she made him act very silly whenever she was around.
Addison wanted to go to Ash but didn't since he looked busy.
Ash is invited to a party for the first time while he's attended college.
Sydney played golf and had a great time swinging the club in the sun.
Taylor was a talented painter with art pieces that stirred men's imagination.
Alex pursued Carson's policy even though he disagreed with it.
Aubrey provided Ash with an overview of the assignment so they could make the presentation together.
Quinn tried hard not to faint as he held the gauze pad over the gaping wound.
Robin took the money to the counter and paid everyone's bill for them.
Carson was going out for lunch and invited Tracy.
After months of legal preparation for the defense, Robin brought the convict to trial. It was a notorious murder case and the courtroom would be packed with journalists.
Jan hit the dog on its head after he pooped in her new shoes.
Quinn was at the store picking out some essentials. Quinn bought what Jan needed while he was there.
Robin felt he needed a change to sew his wild oats before he settled down to get married.
Sasha extended Skylar's probation at the expense of everyone else because of his poor behavior at the office.
Bailey got the better of Addison by getting revenge.
Robin wanted to become a famous ballerina when she got old enough.
Jan got Jesse's parents at their house because Jesse did not come to school.
Bailey's account was published in a popular magazine because the story was amazing.
Taylor gave the dog its food later than normal because they were stuck in traffic.
Carson wrote a blog online to talk about their interests which include cars and trains.
Cameron was looking for his book and Jan helped but did not know where the book was.
Cameron was very nervous about things, but Tracy made the Cameron evaluation better.
Their sister had just come home from the hospital after giving birth, so Taylor held the baby.
Lee had to run to the store but needed to first figure out what was needed.
Carson put on their coat and gloves before they went out into the cold.
Jesse was taking the scenic route home from work and thought he knew the way. He was taking a long time to get home.
Sasha increased Sydney's value so she could buy better looking clothes.
Kai had been having a lot of money trouble lately. When hanging out with their friend, Kai grabbed Casey's purse to take money from it.
casey was a mean person so she took austin's chances.
Casey met her death in the bad car accident and the others were very sad.
ash was a servant so he got cameron's towel as commanded.
Ash started dissecting a dead dog's body because it was required for science.
Jan wants to know if Aubrey's girlfriend will want to set up a baby shower for Aubrey.
Robin saw a beggar on the side of the road. Robin gave the beggar money.
Carson licked my face when he was over last week.
alex was bored so he punched the circus lion playfully in the face.
Lee is going to see Alex tomorrow at the fair.
Sasha arrived at Bailey's house so Bailey made Sasha french vanilla coffee in his K-Cup machine.
Robin had given up her daughter for adoption 20 years ago, but today Robin decided to call her.
Carson decided to become a teacher because he was so inspired by his high school mentor.
Jan needed to make something for a school bake sale and decided on brownies.
Jesse was a wild child and frequently raised cain.
Riley saw Cameron's name on the bulletin board and it was misspelled.
Austin was tired of working for next to nothing, so Austin wanted to start their own business.
Lee tracked down the criminal across multiple stands, and made Syndey arrest the person.
Casey was cleaning Riley's apartment and hurriedly dusted his furniture. She shoved his dirty laundry under the bed and rushed to fix her hair.
Oliver was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley took the puppy home with her after adopting it.
Alex was too shy, so Robin spoke for him about what was on his mind.
When explaining the contract to their children, Robin analyzed the contract in terms they could understand.
Bailey wanted to share their belief in Christ with others.
Taylor saw Casey stealing from the teacher's desk, so she got him in trouble.
Tracy tightened her arms around Riley's waist really tightly.
Taylor advanced toward Robin to tell Robin had dropped his phone from his pocket.
tracy decided to give up his religion and turn to evil instead.
Alex got a dog for Christmas and named it Ben after his late cousin.
Sasha showed Kai and her daughter the car she was selling.
Tracy handled every situation that occurred while they were traveling in a foreign country.
Skylar provided assistance to Sydney with the delicate and complicated mechanical system.
Ash was driving home and notice Riley struggling along the sidewalk with large bags of shopping so Ash stopped and offered Riley a lift.
Carson brought Casey inside his house.
Jan drove back home from school after their classes were over.
Aubrey wanted their spouse to go back to school to get a degree to get a better job.
Jan made Riley object to the idea because she thought there was only one way.
Skylar buried their head in their arms at the table and Jan new they needed rest.
sasha wanted to cook steak so she took the meat out of the freezer.
Remy looked at the floor in front of them and noticed that there was a piece of pizza on it.
casey was bored so she bought extra bread anyway for fun.
Alex knew Jan really well so he decided to ask her out on a date.
Sasha went home with their father after they spent the day at the park.
Robin extended beyond the limits and did as much as she could.
Casey lived on the top floor and apartment and had to walk down four flights of stairs to do laundry in the damp, dark basement.
Ash got a real job after applying for many different ones for months.
kendall was at the place alone so she put the coat in remy's place.
Taylor started a relationship that was deemed inappropriate by the laws of society.
Bailey stole the car and took it on a one week joyride.
Riley had a big exam coming up but she wasn't prepared.
Taylor read online tutorials and was able to teach himself computer programming.
Jesse impressed Skylar's parents after she made a dinner for them.
Even though Cameron was deep in denial, Sydney made Cameron accept their diagnosis.
Sydney ran laps for exercise around the track once more.
Carson assisted Casey in making dinner reservations at the fancy restaurant.
Jordan kept the paper to a minimum, so readers could understand the story a little faster.
Jan signed up for the tour that included a hot air balloon ride.
lee was playing a game with his friends so he knocked the can out of the park.
Aubrey bent the truth and told everyone she did not steal the cash.
As it was Austin's birthday they decided to treat themselves and made reservations for today.
Bailey smelled really bad because they hated taking showers every day.
Tracy protected Austin's body from the sun and then got very burnt.
Cameron's friends decided to do drugs one day after school but Cameron got the heck away.
Casey resisted every temptation when she saw all the desserts out.
Cameron bought a new wallet that they put their money into that day.
Taylor goes above and beyond to make work easier for their employees. Taylor stays late and never leaves an employee alone to fail.
Sydney and Ash are close friends who get into a fight. Sydney says some pretty awful things to Ash.
Kai read another harsh review about their book.
Carson was jumping on the bed and fell. Carson managed to break their fall using the pillow.
Ash went home the long way to get some exercise.
Lee made Sydney's arrest after finding out the truth.
Taylor used working out to gain muscle so he could compete.
Ash inherited a fortune from Tracy's father because Tracy died much earlier.
Kai got a short term loan in order to pay for Casey's clothes.
Sydney loved being in front of an audience and singing all of the songs she knew.
Jesse was very late for work after his car got two flat tires and he only had one spare.
austin studied hard so he got a great grade in chemistry class.
Ash moved Cameron out of the way and the bullet missed them by an inch.
Kendall felt bad about stealing the last cookie from the jar.
Robin helped Remy's mother with a big project that they had to complete.
Aubrey found a moth in their closet. After a while, Aubrey managed to shoo the moth away.
Sydney asked what Carson wanted for his birthday and got him the thing he wanted as a gift.
Kai finally got a better job after working for a mean boss for years.
Alex was in a car accident that totaled their car. Alex told their sister the story.
Tracy kept Bailey company as they recovered in the hospital room.
casey wanted new shoes so she bought a new pair.
cameron finally decided to tell the truth and made bailey's jaw drop with the reveal.
Casey stopped asking for the results from the project when they didn't get them.
Ash loved mexican food and got it a few times a week.
Robin tapped them on the shoulder after they had continued talking throughout the lecture for five minutes.
Quinn went south to see her friends.
Jesse nervously held back the curtain and peered through to the figure waiting in the hospital bed.
Jan put Quinn's paper route money in the bank helping them save for college.
Quinn quit her daily job so she would be able to see the world.
Sydney bit Jan's tongue and got a slap for this terrible action.
Bailey missed the goal that prevented the team from going to the championship game.
Skylar damned the council's proposal with faint praise on the grounds that it seemed unsound.
Quinn bought toys for Lee's children since Lee couldn't afford it.
Bailey looked at their finances and realized that they would need to scale back the wedding.
Quinn ended the friendship when their friend ate the cupcake.
Robin never worked a day in her life, going to the shelter, knowing that they would give food.
Lee's family let Aubrey stay with them, so Aubrey bought them a gift.
Ash felt all alone and asked Taylor to call their mom.
Remy asked his assistant Casey to prepare his office for the day, so Casey set Remy's papers in order.
Taylor did her research and changed Cameron's opinion on football.
Kai pushed a child on the ground and then ran away to not get caught.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a ride home from the party because he wanted to hit on her.
Addison visited Quinn's father to tell him the bad news.
Robin got hit by a car and broke her leg. She spent two months in the hospital.
Remy had to bring the dog back because the dog had some issues with behavior.
Jordan stayed afloat even though he was falling behind on his bills.
Sydney saw a huge spider outside the door and quaked in her boots.
Bailey drank too much beer, got drunk and made a spectacle of themself.
Casey had a friend they wanted to meet. Casey met the friend at the bar.
Austin recieved many new informational lessons from Tracy.
Kendall bought the tickets for a concert happening in a different state.
Kai went to Quin's grandmother's birthday party and brought her the gifts that she wanted.
Lee went to see Addison about a plan to throw a baby shower for another friend.
Casey gave Jesse training about defending themselves in public places.
Jordan took them to Hawaii when his children were on their best behavior all year.
Taylor granted Riley permission to take his picture for the art show.
Cameron sat on their hands while they were waiting to give their speech.
Jordan produced a lot of money annually. Always being able to pay his bills on time.
Lee moved heaven and earth to pay for his son's college.
Carson was planning a party for their parents, so Carson met their sister for lunch.
Sasha went higher and got stronger as a result of the intense training.
After seeing the danger not far off, Remy held Alex fast.
Kendall's was exited to go on a trip to France but wanted to speak the local language so studied and learned it.
Carson found Aubrey's bike and returned it to her much to her surprise.
Taylor told her students that they needed to study hard for the exam.
Tracy squinted their eyes at Robin because she was with another girl.
Lee was badly injured in the crash when he was driving along the freeway.
Taylor got the TV working again just in time for the Super Bowl.
Carson looked in the book and assited the baker in determining the time.
Alex took the dog out.  They forgot to do it this morning.
Robin turned the page and read the end of the story to the kids.
Kai was helpful and kept Kendall's hands toasty and warm.
Skylar felt confident and wanted to try the high jump at the pool.
Tracy asks Sydney to lead their group story next week. It's a huge honor and Sydney is ready to prepare.
Taylor went home with their dad to get ready for the barbeque they were having for the neighbors.
Lee was playing with all the kids, she built a snowman for them to have fun.
Carson was competing in the game, and decided that they need to go hard or go home.
After a heated argument Riley stormed out of the house and never returned.
Taylor wanted to buy a house, but they didn't have enough money to purchase it.
Taylor looked out into the audience before she began singing the tune she knew so well.
casey bought some new clothes so she paid the cashier.
Jesse's son said he was sick, but she didn't believe him and sent him to school.
Aubrey got treatment after they were diagnosed recently with cancer.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in reading, and Quinn went on to become a successful author.
After a long summer, Robin was happy to finally be starting their last year of high school this year.
Alex was nervous about what he was going.  He looked over his shoulder.
Sasha fed the cat everyday for their roommate while they were gone on a trip.
Since she did all of the planning ahead of time and it was all a surprise, Remy told her sister about their trip.
As the concert was finishing Alex and friends decided to go home so Alex left together with them and they walked back to the uni campus.
Kendall wasn't feeling good at school and became sick.
Austin begged and begged to go to the park. Finally, their mother relented.
Jesse was packing some of his things in a suitcase. Jesse was taking a trip to the beach.
Ash was giving a presentation and used pins to represent places on the map.
Casey got to work safely and helped her coworkers do their work.
Kendall was determined to improve his current health status after finding out his sugar was high.
Skylar knew the difference and go the questions correct on the test.
Skylar secretly decorated Robin's room for her birthday.
Carson bought the meat from the gas station, but bought bread at the supermarket.
Quinn went to the water park and jumped right into the pool.
CAMERON LOVED MUSIC SO MUCH THAT HE LISTENED TO IT EVERYDAY.
Ash rode Aubrey's bikes on the way to work one day.
Jesse tied the bows together so that they could be carried to the picnic.
Kendall decided to have their taxes done and filed by Taylor.
Addison turned back to look because she felt a hand on her shoulder as she was walking.
Lee explained to the students what the vocabulary word meant and its origin.
Riley and Tracy used to be friends, but then Riley married Tracy's man.
Riley was very drunk that night and made an exhibition of himself.
Cameron looked at Tracy's wife and gave a big wink that meant something.
Tracy caused Sydney damage.
Casey bought another ticket for the train for their friend.
Casey was very late with their part of the project. Casey really held the project back and they did not meet the deadline.
Lee felt angry at Sasha and tripped them while they were walking by. Lee ended up twisting Sasha's ankle.
Quinn came down to see us. That was kind of them.
Remy said they would leave after the cake was eaten.
Casey gave Riley a bad grade on her school report and failed her.
After years of being hopeful, Casey filled Sydney's heart with joy by proposing to her.
Remy sold Carson's car at a very low price and lost him some money.
Others thought Kai was showing off. Kai showed another of his talents.
carson persuaded them to accept the terms even though later they would regret the deal.
Remy saw a movie with her friends but she kept talking too much during the movie.
Kai received a letter from her grandmother. Kai wrote a letter back to their grandmother today.
Kai came to get her makeup put on so Aubrey shaded her eyes.
Casey bought an air conditioner and put it in her window and turned it on.
Jan drew Skylar towards Lee so that the could finally talk.
On Black Friday, Tracy and their friends went shopping at the mall for the entire day. Tracy spent all of the money in her bank account that day.
Sasha entered Kai's house to deliver and install a new dishwasher.
Ash met a new friend on the first day of work.
Jesse went over what he enjoyed doing, satisfying, Carson's curiosity.
Remy gave Cameron the benefit a good parking spot.
Ash quit the next day after receiving a better job offer.
Kai's fears would lead them to hesitate and ultimately not do anything about the problem.
Remy cooks saffron rice at Chem's Golden Rice Bowl and invited his friends to come.
Sydney invited their friend over to their house and their friend brought along a box of chocolates surprisingly.
Riley went home from work after 16 hours of working hard.
Sydney is a basketball player, and concentrated on the ball in the opponent's hands.
Kai was a a child and loved to make people smile. Kai liked to give people hugs when he saw them.
Skylar knew that some classmates were using drugs on the weekends.
Cameron was impressed by his students. He gave the class gift certificates to best buy and a thank you card for working so hard.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley and congratulated her on her success.
Cameron spent all morning in the gym. Later, Cameron went home and took a rest.
Taylor was angry with a friend. When they tried to apologize, the friend agreed that it was all Taylor's fault. This made Taylor angrier than before.
Kai married her in the city because a ceremony in the country was too inconvenient.
Tracy found Talor's class and enrolled in it herself so they could cooperate.
Since school was starting soon and Lee had a nice big truck, Lee helped their friend move.
Kai decided to quit the play and left their part to the understudy.
Cameron sailed along the coast in the new boat that they had bought.
Kai had a great time catching up at lunch today at the bistro.
After hearing about what happened Taylor called Lee's mom.
Sasha traced the pattern on the fabric to prepare to make the dress.
Alex suddenly found themselves in the middle of a barroom brawl.
Bailey was having a hard time in her relationship. Quinn gave Bailey the best advice on how to handle it.
Cameron cracked a rib trying to perform a stunt on set.
Bailey made pottery in school.  They brought it home to show their parents.

Prompt word count: 5.
Skylar called someone to ask if they would be able to borrow some money.
Ash opened Addison's fridge. There were only jars of condiments. Specifically, mustard.
Taylor kicked Jan out of the house because Jan did not want to pay rent.
Cameron divided the specimens into classes.
Carson drove well on their exam and they got their licence.
Remy enhanced their understanding of the subject by getting some books.
Alex learned to sew after practicing for months with his mother.
Aubrey awaited Cameron to answer the question. The answer was a long time coming.
Kendall pulled the project together and helped his classmates get the best grade.
Jordan had eaten enough of the food that they went and bought at the store.
Austin went on a crash diet and lost a whole lot of weight.
Quinn attended their business needs. They wanted to get promoted.
Ash started to cut Bailey's grass in exchange for Bailey's babysitting services.
Lee gave Carson a patient report before he headed home for the night.
ash was busy doing other things so she forgot bailey's suitcase.
Addison reached out to hug Lee and he pushed her arms back.
Bailey apologized to his boss when he accidentally broke the sliding door's glass window.
Ash inherited an amazing grill from Tracy's father after his death.
Quinn grabbed Lee by the shoulders and tried to surprise him.
Quinn asked Austin to look up the weather and Austin lied and told him it would be sunny/cloudy all day.
Austin fought for Quinn's life and saved her life by himself.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the table to keep her from striking out.
Carson got their friends together to clean up the river banks.
Kendall, who is a police officer, ended Kai's life because Kai was caught in the crossfire at the shooting.
Alex kept the fire under control while it raged around him on the mountain.
Jan played Jordan Fairbank's rendition of Queen Elizabeth II well in history class.
Carson made a huge mess in the kitchen by dropping the glass of milk all over the floor.
Sydney broke open the seal to find a nice surprise inside of a fun toy.
Robin just found out the car was low on gas when driving on freeway.
Prior to Addison getting good gifts, she needed to work overtime and save her money for months.
Since they had to be home by six to meet their family for dinner, Lee walked to their house.
Bailey treated illness in patients and saw a patient that had something they had never seen before.
carson was the head chef so he was in charge of serving every meal.
Remy took the test quickly and passed with flying colours.
Addison was caught by the police when she broke into the store.
Addison was hungry, but wanted to lose weight, so they put the cookies away.
Robin had had a very difficult upbringing so when Robin came to Kendall for help, Kendall was understanding.
To celebrate their girlfriend graduating from college, Jordan gave her something.
Ash ensured their safety after the children were lost by the side of the road.
Tracy told Jan to take hold. Jan knew she was in a bit of danger.
Sasha was curious about Carson's new animal. Sasha asked Carson a question about it.
Casey prevented the officials from acquiring the property by getting a court order to be issued on the subject.
Taylor purchased a rare, specialty microscope to use in their lab. Jordan, a scientist from a different lab, was allowed to use it after asking permission and offering to pay.
After being missing for an extended period of time, Quinn was located in the Sydney area.
Lee did Austin's work well and it was rewarded with a large gift.
Skylar's uncle was in the hospital with cancer. Austin visited Skylar's uncle over the weekend.
Remy called his friends over to his house and revealed the cause of Bailey's death.
Austin called out to help Lee to get some work done for next week.
Taylor couldn't get the groceries to fit in his car. Taylor put the groceries another way so they'd fit.
Riley had high blood pressure after eating all the pie.
Sydney went to a client's location and then watered their lawn before getting paid.
Cameron asked the man if he would like to have some cookies.
Quinn met the ball in the air to try and spike it on the other side of the net.
Alex made the coffee.  They could not start the day without coffee.
Bailey was an excellent aspiring musician and she loved every minute of it.
Sydney asked Carson if he wanted anything from the store.
Jesse put Lee's fears at ease by showing Lee there were no monsters hiding under the bed.
Lee was staring into Jordan's eyes and saw a bit of sadness in them.
Even though it got negative reviews, Remy watched the movie anyway and thought it was good.
Alex rolled up Lee's sleeves after seeing the cut from which the blood was gushing.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept the lavish gift he got her late last night.
Kendall changed their schedule so they would be able to watch their grandchildren.
Kendall leaned forward to whisper a joke in their friend's ear during class.
Riley decided they wanted to know more about religion so they started by reading the Bible.
Carson was the substitute teacher for the day, the first thing he did was send the kids to the assembly as the principal asked.
Kendall got the job done for the client in order to help solve the client's problems.
Jesse visited her parents after she came home from her honeymoon in France.
Skylar promised others they would eat lunch together, but Skylar ate lunch with their family instead.
Alexander was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex got in Robins way at work and apologized to them.
Jesse immediately took it even though Others had really wanted it.
Jordan contributed to Robin's bank account so that she could buy food.
When was driving down the highway to the hospital fast to fix her deep cut.
Jordan was scared to tell the truth, but Sydney promised not to get angry, and Sydney made Jordan answer the question.
After being stationed in the desert for 6 months Kai saw rain for the first time.
Austin called Casey's dad to come and get Casey from school.
Robin fed the newborn baby a bottle of milk.
Lee had a long drive through the blizzard but made the trip home safely.
Robin's court date finally arrived where they would be able to bring the witness to trial.
Lee saw a ghost in the water and got really scared.
Quinn thought they could handle the spicy food but they couldn't and had to drive home in a hurry.
Jan eased tracking by adjusting the numbers on the plataform.
Carson waited months to go back to camp and finally go to go.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands into the mittens but Taylor was allergic to the fabric.
Robin got a new women boss.
carson waited to go back to the bar after he took his friend home.
Taylor entered the house after opening it with the key.
Skylar followed pets everywhere in the park while working as a dog walker.
Carson called to check their account and to tell them they had more money than was deposited.
Jordan took Sasha's car to the auto shop for Sasha while Sasha was at work.
Robin stopped eating the food to save room for dessert.
Ash would not get up for school so Aubrey broke the house rules and went into Ash's room and demanded they get up and ready.
Alex escaped Cameron's cage. Cameron is now going to jail.
Ash used their cellphone to call their friend to play video games.
Aubrey supplemented Skylar's income by giving a few bucks at the end of the week.
Sydney had a best friend in middle school, but now in high school Sydney never saw Taylor anymore and she didn't like it.
Jesse gave a brilliant lecture that deepened Remy's understanding of the book that they were studying in class.
Remy took his time completing the work so they could do their best.
Skylar felt bad his friend couldn't make it to the picnic because of his injury, so Skylar carried the sandwiches home to him.
Carson was teaching the dog how to sit.  When the dog sat, Carson threw a bone to the dog.
Skylar locked Carson's keys in Aubrey's car and had to run away to hide from Carson.
Skylar wanted to do something nice and got his son a gift.
quinn surprised the kids with a party because they had been well behaved as of late.
Riely imposed his opinions and wants on to others because he wanted it his way.
Despite having a restraining order against them, Jordan came near Quinn.
Taylor wanted to write in Jesse's format to try to get the grant.
Casey got her friends together. She wanted to plan out the day ahead.
Addison suddenly heard a knock at the door and went to answer it.
Cameron stood by Kendall's side because they had been friends for a long time.
Austin was at the rodeo watching his Uncle compete.
Kendall and Remy were twins, on their 6th birthday Kendall got confused and accidently opened Remy's gift instead of their own.
The school day had just ended and Ash was going home with their friend to study.
Sydney rarely got into trouble because they were always studying to get into college.
bailey was a nice person so she played basketball with a friend.
Lee produced Tracy effect on the crowd and the crowd was in shock.
Tracy moved to a new city and parted ways with their friend.
Quinn was introduced to a new man by a friend.  They met the new man for lunch.
Aubrey painted herself into a corner and could not walk on the floor they painted.
Casey was creating a character for a video game and decided how they should look.
Bailey had just moved to a new school and didn't have any friends yet.
Carson had had enough of Kendall's behavior and issued an edict today.
Sydney got separated from her friends and got lost in the woods.
Riley complied with Jan's wishes, even though Riley thought Jan was being unreasonable.
Quinn's brothers begged to play with Quinn's new ball. Quinn let them have it.
Cameron slowly moved Taylor's mouth up and down to help them chew the food.
After being dumped, Riley got very drunk that evening.
After a lengthy gaming session at her friends house Skylar left to go home.
Cameron looked into Ash's eyes and believed every word he spoke.
Riley attended their best friend's wedding which was held in Europe.
jesse was suppose to have surgery but he was encased in ice and frozen shut.
ash wanted to hang out with her friends so she put camping gear in the car.
Lee and her friend wrote a book and he checked it over for grammatical errors.
Jan went to the supermarket last week to stock up on supplies.
Sydney gently reached over and slid Taylor's hands off her knee.
Lee rushed upon Quinn's house to throw eggs at it as a prank.
Jesse saw a group of people picking on a person at school so they moved the group to take action.
Quinn had money to go shopping and he spent the money quickly.
Robin took their date to a new movie and they both had a good time.
Aubrey couldn't have pets at her new apartment and asked Riley to take her pet dog. Aubrey cried for days but was glad her dog had a good home.
kendall did not understand the finer details of physics so she asked questions in class.
It was Remy's birthday and they loved the gift from their mom.
Casey savored every bite of the pizza it was so good.
Remy was at an arcade with their son. Remy began searching their pockets and managed to find a coin.
Addison is very crafty and just learned to make their own homemade candles.
Tracy led the group away from their destination so that they could show them the surprise.
Quinn spoke her mind.  They would not be pushed around.
Remy produced laughter at Skylar's expense. Remy was often willing to hurt others feelings.
Jan was working out in the garage. Jan raised their arm over their head with a weight.
Taylor got more counseling because she was still struggling with her parents divorce.
Jordan made a fool of Carson when Carson forget to wear pants.
Skylar used Jesse as a stand-in for her husband when he was in town.
Quinn wanted to help Carson find friends and introduced him to the cool kids.
Jan was ashamed of what Robin had done and she told them what she thought.
Jan came in on time. of all doing eating mutton in home.
Austin understood the problems at hand thoroughly much to the relief of the other employees.
Robin took the math test and ended up passing it with flying colors.
Quinn became Taylor's friend after seeing her be bullied by the school jock.
Casey heard there was a fight and asked her what happened at school.
Robin, at home from college, was invited along to the park by Aubrey to play with her friends.
Bailey thought maybe it was true.
Addison ran the risk without a second thought and Remy was hurt as a result.
Despite knowing that Taylor is a big risk taker, her friends still followed her out of curiosity thus,  landing in trouble.
She was really mad so Jan wanted to fight today.
Robin gave her niece some money to go shopping at the mall.
Alex was so cold that he had turned blue, but luckily it was time to go inside.
Jan had a nomadic nature and couldn't settle down. Jan moved from place to place.
Jesse squealed with joy when she got a new red car that night.
During a romantic moment on their first date, Sydney looked Kai in the eye.
Jesse asked them for suggestions for a good restaurant to propose to Jesse's girlfriend.
Riley the cat struck fear into their hearts as she stalked the chickens.
Jan was in a show and performed the dance well.
Casey told their friends they will come to the party.
Kendall helped Casey fill out an application for a job she wanted.
Austin beat their dad in tennis and then ultimately gloated about the victory.
Sasha knew she was being watched but she stared straight ahead and didn't acknowledge it.
Jesse likes to trick people.
Jesse went with his friends to Disneyland.  Jesse rode a roller coaster fearfully.
Remy asked Kendall to join Aubrey so they can have fun together.
Quinn and Kai enjoyed video games and Quinn played games on Kai's computer.
Sydney apologized to Bailey for being rude to her before. Bailey started talking to Sydney.
Cameron rushed to the store when she realized she was out of milk.
Tracy paid Remy back so he could then save up for a fishing trip.
Bailey was the manager of a store and gave her friend the opportunity to work there.
Ash tapped on their friend's shoulder and told them the test answer.
Taylor misplaced their car key. They hoped to find it.
Bailey backed Ash's car around and went inside to talk about the stormy weather.
Sasha went to watch a show but Casey did not get tickets in time so Casey met Sasha after the show.
Ash gave Remy a hug and showed him much love.
Kai decided to walk back to school because he was determined to make the basketball team and date the head cheerleader.
Bailey was able to see Remy after Bailey was mean and banged on the door.
Addison failed out of college and after not finding work joined turned to a life of crime; she ended up serving a 17 year prison sentence.
Aubrey was about to have lunch but a friend called so she put the kettle on to boil and cut the sandwich in two.
Jesse built a wooden treehouse in Addison's backyard so they could play video games in it.
Ash was very excited to cut the cord and move to the middle of nowhere.
Kendall fought by my side until the very end, but we still lost.
Casey didn't like Aubrey anymore so they told the class all of Aubrey's secrets.
Sydney also gave Ash grief over Ash's excellent test scores.
Kai knew what happened to the camera that was broken on the ground.
Taylor stood far apart from their siblings in the family photograph.
Skylar went for a walk in the park after a long day at the office.
Sydney read Austin the riot act while handcuffing them and placing them in the back of the squad car.
Remy went to the hospital for a twisted ankle and got better quickly.
Skylar loosened the purse strings after their husband said they were stingy.
Lee had a new puppy that was comforting after the passing of his wife.
Kendall gave Skylar a wink after Skylar turned and looked in Kendall's direction.
Carson got out the key and went in the house with Jordan.
Aubrey distinguished plants from the animals when they were at the zoo with others.
Taylor backed away from Skylar when they saw they were carring something.
Sydney marked Cameron's paper with an asterisk. Nobody knew why exactly they did this.
Kai was a big sister and got some gifts for the birthday party.
Jan did what she was asked because it was an order she was given.
Austin did not know many people or have family nearby so they occupied their time with work.
Carson persuaded their friend to accept their apology for what he did wrong.
Carson bought a bike for their son and the bike lasted a few years.
Taylor told Alex that he was firing him due to his poor work attendance.
Lee threw the ball in at the deep end and dived in after it without hesitation.
Cameron asked their neighbor to help with the fallen tree after the storm.
Jesse made a huge mistake and was responsible for losing Kendall's life.
Cameron's family was going through a tough time, but Addison supported them.
Jordan quickly stopped. They were asked nicely and meant no offense.
kai was a substitute teacher who was a little to friendly with the kids.
Jesse got into excellent physical shape and faced every obstacle without problems.
Taylor often talks too much.  Carson was unable to think.
Aubrey persuaded Taylor to leave the grounds for trespassing.
Jesse confronted and faced all of the fears Jesse could have.
Casey read aloud to Sydney to help her fall asleep.
Jan got the details just right and relayed them to the rest of her team.
Noticing that the stuffed animal she had her eye on was still in the claw machine, Quinn put money in the machine.
Riley had fallen in a puddle and came home crying so Bailey washed Riley's face and comforted them.
Sasha played their cards right and won every professional poker game that year.
jan needed to make some money so she went door to door selling brownies.
Jan took some medication and started to see some odd shapes in her mind's eye.
Remy did not trust his friend, since they had recently totalled their own car.
jan saw her dad looked real sick so she took him to the doctor.
Kai was impressed with how strong he was. Kai bent every spoon in the kitchen.
Ash likes the weather better when it's calm and stays away from extremes.
Sasha was curious.  They asked Casey where they were going.
Cameron asked Casey to write a letter to the government for them.
Kai practiced piano every day before the big recital in town.
Carson turned Jordan's attention to the bear without making noise so that the bear would not attack them.
Lee wanted to collect essays from students. Lee indicated clearly what should be the topic.
Remy grew flowers, onions, corn and peppers in their back garden.
Jordan stayed afloat on the raft after the large storm generated gigantic waves.
Jordan pushed the envelope full of money away from Skylar after they refused to take the bribe.
Taylor said Bailey would leave and then they would go shopping.
Sasha sent Alex a message about the get together.
Jan felt lonely in their home all alone, so Jan bought a cat.
Tracy works hard volunteering and helping others around her.
Cameron has a crush on Austin. To hide it, she would make fun of Austin often.
Jan went to the movies and ate a bowl of popcorn.
Austin had achieved the role of doctor in the video game he was playing.
Jesse kept a puppy till the owner came home late last night.
Jesse wrote a note on the board. She really wanted her students to understand the lesson.
Kendall was hired to work as a caterer for the wedding party.
Jordan gave their parent a ticket to the concert after Jordan got sick.
Sydney cooked a special meal for her family and it took two hours.
Remy put Jan away to bed for the night and then turned off the lights.
Addison maximized Bailey's total profits by doing very good marketing work.
Taylor wanted to spend some quality time with her father before college so she went fishing with him.
Jan came home and found a dent in the side of the car. Jan demanded Aubrey's explanation about what happened.
Jordan became a better lawyer after he took advice from his mentor.
Tracy and Remy were siblings and the more everyone got to know them, they realised that Tracy seemed a lot like Remy and vice versa.
carson was a genius with a high IQ so he solved the puzzle in an efficient way.
Kendall had Skylar's back during the big presentation to the board.
Austin was about to engage in a fight, but they decided to pull themselves back.
Ash took advantage of Alex for years, until finally leaving them for greener pastures.
Casey was preparing to settle in for the evening, so they made some chamomile tea to help relax.
Jesse went back to the house to get their jacket it was cold outside.
Quinn bought her mom a present for her birthday and her mom loved it.
Carson felt bad for Casey after they hurt their shoulder at practice.
Austin made everyone pizza for lunch but everyone was allergic to tomatoes.
Addison made a basket one day and the others were very impressed.
Riley understood Sasha's presentation well. They worked on it for weeks together.
Jan gave Addison her order after receiving it from their commanding officer.
Taylor walked the students to their desks and showed them their school supplies.
Alex listened to Taylor's problem and showed Tayor the way.
Due to the face she didn't have a car, Sasha took the bus to Vegas.
Lee wanted to take pictures with his daughter and their friend.
Taylor stripped down which easily stirred men's imagination with images.
Cameron was home sick, so Quinn sent Cameron flowers at home.
Ash called all of Cameron's friends to tell they are having a party for Cameron.
Skylar spent the night studying and got a good grade.
Lee was coming home from deployment overseas. Bailey welcomed Lee home with a party.
After having put her pet down, Riley started digging a hole to bury his body.
Ash looked out and saw that it was raining heavily then Ash noticed her pet poodle was outside getting soaked so Ash let the dog inside.
Jesse was running on the pavement and fell.
Austin was feeling like an entrepreneur and wanted to start their own business.
Robin had a way with speaking that helped them to motivate people and improve their lives.
Casey took the dog to the vet after the dog exhibited signs of illness.
Addison was looking for the best strategy to promote her business. Kendall, who is Addison's colleague, came up will a marketing plan to promote the business. Addison put Kendall's thoughts into action.
Riley established outposts in areas that hikers may get stranded with out protection from the elements.
Alex was nervous about going on the roller coaster but ended up loving it very much.
Jan prevented Sydney from becoming angry by listening to her and giving her time to calm down.
Remy noticed that her car battery was dead so she replaced the battery.
Sasha's mum was experiencing severe stomach pain so Sasha drove them to hospital to get checked over.
To help spare her friend from feeling bad, Aubrey bent the truth.
Cameron letf her phon and wallet at the house, so Cameron asked the first man she saw a favor. The man kindly let her use his phone.
Aubrey loved the pizza too much to give it up even though it made her sick.
Jesse called Carson a friend and after Carson came over to the party.
Remy took their belongings home after they got damaged because of the water leaks, they were a poor family.
Robin saw that Bailey looked lonely, so Robin made Bailey's acquaintance.
Sydney wanted to talk to Riley who he had been interested in for a long time.
Ash laid down next to Jesse because they wanted to take a nap.
Sydney came home that evening and decided to have a hot bath.
Even though they could hardly afford to do so, Ash saw a concert every weekend and always purchased tickets in the front row.
Sasha liked the meal very much, and gave thanks for all the wonderful flavors filling their mouth.
Kendall yelled Alex's name angrily because Alex had made a mess in the kitchen and Kendall did not want to clean it up.
Ash tried Addison's hardest game and won every time without much effort.
Carson tried to get better at dancing after his embarrassed stint at the club.
Remy was in charge of a large project at work and wanted to present many options.
Taylor liked making spicy food for her birthday party, but this year she is not sure about it.
Austin put in human resources their place on why they should act better at work.
Alex met Carson at his house and bought his used iPhone.
Taylor continued their efforts on the project that will be finished soon.
aubrey fancied herself a comedian so she made sure to make them laugh.
Addison improved recover times in patients by creating better processes for the hospital.
Austin was called into Sasha's boss's office for arriving late constantly last week.
Riley played basketball with friends and injured their bicep very badly.
Lee had hated his scar his whole life but Remy began to put makeup on Lee's face.
sydney wanted to treat skylar so she took her for ice cream today.
Ash was uncomfortable at work. They quit the next day.
Bailey was moving and Quinn sold Bailey's home.
Sasha took the bitter with the sweet after eating an apple but it had holes in it.
Aubrey made their living waiting tables at an Italian restaurant.
Sydney was trying to save money so she packed her lunch.
casey was an expert so he gave jesse training in martial arts.
Riley raced their friend to the house on their bikes.
Casey turned on the radio and heard the terrible news about the factory fire.
Aubrey declared war against Skylar, even though their forces were much smaller.
Taylor's experience culminated into a magically climatic moment when they were in the middle of the dance.
Austin knows they are on thin ice at work. Their boss is breathing down their neck. Austin works hard to reach their goal before the deadline.
Jessie asked them to tell the time but they had no watch so they looked at the sun.
Ash got the best of Sasha when playing the new video game.
Carson showed their daughter how to ride a bike at his own prior training time at Sakaja.
Kendall knew Tracy's friend had a fortieth birthday coming up very soon and was sad.
Taylor created Jordan's system, because Jordan wasn't a very organized person.
jesse was driving too fast and hit a woman on the road.
Cameron found a way to the store after following the directions on her GPS while driving.
Casey told Carson that he was a nice guy with a lot of good things about him.
Jesse played patty cake with their friends so that they could have fun together.
Robin ran across the ice and fell. She had to get a cast on her arm.
After a long period of working non-stop for weeks, Casey had the day off from work.
Jesse kept Robin in order by making sure everything in their life was balanced.
Carson went hunting with Skylar for venison.
Cameron's mind raced often so he had problems falling asleep.
Remy lays awake at night thinking about Aubrey. Remy smiles when they think of how they kissed Aubrey today, Remy can't wait to see Aubrey and ask them to go steady.
Lee was feeling emotional. Sam asked Lee what was wrong and Lee opened the floodgates.
Carson gave Riley an idea for a new business that he wanted to do together.
Ash sent Addison to a school for troubled children that has a good track record of reforming them.
Kendall did this all around the world and had managed to see almost all the countries they wanted to.
Carson painted something beautiful and stuck it on his mom's wall.
kai had the best acting so he won an award at school.
Addison had a very long busy day, Addison slept well at night.
lee wanted to be paid more, so lee talked to their boss.
Trump was 'impressed' by one thing Cohen said in 'fake' hearing
President Donald Trump criticised his former attorney Michael Cohen for lying in testimony to Congress but found reason to praise him too.
Lee washed clothes the entire day because Lee had nothing else to do and wanted to be a good roommate.
Jan gave Kai's husband trouble when she learned he wasn't letting her go.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed in the school for a month.
Jordan put Lee to shame because of his bad performance there.
Remy played video games with Addison's friends in a big tournament that was held.
Jordan pulled Bailey's fingers to see if he would fart.
Alex sold a lot of cookies and as a result raised a good amount of money.
Jesse saw a homeless man but offered no help at all.
Addison has always had a favorable opinion of Skylar and her friends and so wanted to be a part of them.
Quinn left Jesse's body and asked to go to the prom this Sunday.
In their article, Iowa gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Jan taught Casey's children, one day she found out that Jan had spanked one of her children.
according to the article Alex learnt Addison's teachings well.
Tracy's grandmother was making bread in the kitchen that morning. Tracy assisted in bread making.
Kendall held Robin's phone while they were in the bathroom.
Bailey was really late and the others had to wait for her for an hour.
Alex took Kendall's photo and tore it into tiny pieces and peed on it.
jesse wanted to show jordan his love so he shared it with her.
Lee bought a very large chocolate cake for Remy for his birthday party.
remy described it briefly so that everyone could fully understand the topic.
Tracy gave their mom a hug for helping her with her project.
Taylor put the ingredients for her child's birthday cake in the bowl.
Lee threw Tom's keys in the deep end of the pool.
Taylor saw Kai sneaking out of the window so Taylor told Kai's parents.
Bailey asked their neighbor for help when he built his deck.
Riley had just had an operation to replace their knee.
Jesse was trying to get Riley to relax so they traced Riley's clothed back.
Casey stepped on her little brother Jordan's cherry on accident after dropping it and is feeling guilty.
Skylar got lunch for everyone at the office after the big project.
Skylar didn't like being away from home very long. Alex made Skylar feel at home while there.
Kendall works in a restuarnat on the weekends. It is always hard to get good tips, but this weekend Kendall made ten dollars in tips.
Sydney washed their hands outside after working in the yard.
Addison put Kendall's plan into action because they thought it was the best one.
Jesse sat at a table with their friends and played a game of cards.
Addison put her tooth under her pillow after her mom told her what to do.
Cameron happened to be in Carson's life so he supported him in everything he did.
Carson made a mess in the kitchen and asked for help to clean it.
Taylor was released from the hospital a few days ago, so she had to take it easy.
Bailey gave Austin detention to teach him a lesson even though he was her favorite student.
Sasha divided the pizza into equal parts and separated the pieces onto plates.
Jesse ruled it was okay to bring up creation vs the big bang theory in the discussion.
Jan saw Alex felt better after he was sick.
Aubrey went home sad after her teacher gave her a failing grade.
Addison accidentally dropped the key on the ground and it fell into a mud puddle.
Carson hastily layered bandages on Cameron's shoulder after he killed Cameron's shooter with a head shot.
Sydney drove Remy mad because they were always making annoying sounds and being loud.
Robin was trying to get the attention of others so they put their finger on the ball so it wouldn't move.
Even when pressured and interrogated, Casey still said nothing.
Kai went a bit farther and asked additional questions.
Quinn was working on an important project. Quinn finished in time for dinner.
Skylar loved school.  They never missed school for the entire year.
Ash put them first because they were the best at the spelling bee.
KAi had never been fishing before, so Remy baited Kai's hook.
Sydney went ice skating every weekend with her friends from school.
Kai put the eggs on a flat surface after coming home from the grocery store.
Jan skips breakfast every morning despite people telling her its bad.
Austin told everyone that he would be able to beat them, so he put his money with his mouth was and beat them.
Ash spoke their language.
Taylor played soccer as well and was offered a scholarship for a college.
Addison knew that the test would make or break their college chances.
Carson decided he wanted a new start and moved to another state.
Sasha set the topic at politics and it created a level of defiance in the students.
Remy felt tired after he studied for hours for a test he had to take the next day.
Sydney kept them apart and had to walk one of them home.
Kai thought it was boring having to sit through Spanish class.
Lee told Ash to follow the trail from the house towards the cabin in the woods.
Sydney lost confidence rapidly in here guitar playing when Hank made fun of her.
Jesse played the part of Cameron in the play and learned the character well.
Robin was concerned their Kai was smoking drugs so when Kai left for school Robin entered Kai's room to search for evidence.
Casey met Riley's mother after school to tell her about her poor performance in class.
Tracy was very uncomfortable as Kai imposed her will onto Tracy.
Quinn solved the country's problems by imposing unwanted regulations on bankers.
Remy lived at home while attending school but didn't help around the house or pay rent.
Ash sent her friend to the store but she didn't get the things Ash wanted.
Caleb was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Joey needed to build a birdhouse so Addison brought their hammer back.
Addison shared part of Remy's company and took the responsibility seriously.
Austin opened the closet door and took out the broom, then eyed the crumbs on the floor.
Sasha worked double shifts at work and could use a break.
Bailey joined forces with others to fix the problem the city had.
Skylar had their wits about Skylar going to the party and surprised him at the party with a big scary clown.
After it fell to the ground and didn't break, Austin placed the glass piece back.
Jesse created the situation for Taylor to be able to succeed.
Lee quickly began running to an exit after the fire alarm went off at school.
Jesse lost the car keys. Bailey checked Jesse's pockets.
Robin was having trouble finding a job in her area. Riley saw a position open and got Robin an opportunity at work.
Skylar planted a new garden outside and her daughter helped her maintain it.
Riley woke up excitedly, jumping out of bed.  "It's time to go to the lake!" she says.  "I can't wait to do laps!".
Ash and Jordan decided to go to the amusement park. They saw a hotdog stand and Jordan wanted to try them.
Cameron was pretty bad at basketball and his friends asked him to play with them.
Quinn saw they had a puncture so changed the tire then at work saw they had another puncture so changed the tire again so today Quinn changed their tires two times.
Carson kept track of Cameron's account because he wanted to make sure his progress was getting better.
Jesse did a soft-shoe dance to entertain everyone this afternoon.
Lee was a manager at work and knew everyone would be losing their jobs.
Alex gave Lee's son hugs and the sons were really appreciative of the love.
Robin was an alchemist who had been studying for forty years.
Quinn met a new man at work that he has been harassing during his lunch breaks.
Bailey made every deposit from alex and the deposits earned a lot of money on the stock market.
Lee married another teacher and they had a child together.
Sasha brought them to a crisis to help with the situation.
Jan took the class to Las Vegas. It was a long trip and a long 3 days.
Jan is Alex supervisor she asked Jan for the names of employees.
Casey obtained Sasha's idea after reading through Sasha's private notebook.
Cameron wanted Ash to sleep and told him a story.
Aubrey was a great political strategist and had forged a strong alliance with Riley.
Kendall just had a new baby and drove the car to the front of the hospital.
Jan paid attention to detail in the painting she was painting and it looked great.
Skylar was at the pier fishing off the dock. Skylar caught anything while they were fishing.
Casey told their friend to go home and wait for them to arrive later.
Sasha expressed Skylar's thoughts in simpl terms that everybody would be able to understand.
Jesse pulled Kendall towards Kendall to introduce them to each other at a party.
Kai was always fighting and got into a lot of trouble at school.
Alex received their tax return from the government and wanted to get something good.
Jordan gave them something to eat and they got full quickly.
Tracy met society's ugly side when they spent time in a poor neighborhood.
Addison got to see Robin today when they went to lunch.
Kendall was not enjoying the meeting, so they asked permission to leave early for an appointment.
taylor did something horrible so he begged skylar's forgiveness.
Although it had recently become a major downer for Skylar, Taylor restored the joy to Skylar's position once again.
Addison made mincemeat out of walnuts because they were a vegetarian that wanted food.
Carson helped Sydney very much in getting settled into the new role in the office.
Kai followed suit after Ash as he also caught the cold so he took Ash's medication as prescribed.
Cameron told their girlfriend they want to marry her in front of others.
As Addison started sinking free-throws, Jordan looked upon him approvingly.
Skylar gave their son a toy for his birthday and nothing to the others.
Jordan was in a new place and a new school. Addison made Jordan adjust because she was older.
Riley struck fear into their hearts by being a violent person.
Skylar made an a on Carson's test and was incredibly proud of the grade.
Casey was bored at home after spending three weeks in their bedroom browsing the Internet.
Carson tried to win the prize but failed every time they tried to knock over the targets.
Bailey thought maybe he would pass the test after studying all night.
Jordan took part in the ceremony, even though they thought the tradition was boring and stupid.
Jordan wanted their clothes back but the bully had thrown them in the garbage.
Jesse felt great affection for animals and he cared a lot.
Austin was angry with Quinn so they cut Quinn's hand.
Jan went on a hot air balloon ride with her friends last week.
Throughout the years Bailey never found her real mom, even through investigation.
Carson is in charge of the school trip and has made a plan.
Alex itched the ditch in front of Emmy, their friend.
Addison read the news paper out loud to their family members one afternoon.
After the party, Casey cleaned Remy's house, and set Remy's house in order.
Jameson was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy's closest was explored by Lee who found guns inside the closet.
Aubrey wanted to go to the store and get some makeup for the party.
bailey discussed this book in detail so that others might get interested and read it also.
They had never really spent more than a few days apart since first grade. Tracy missed Kendall so much.
Bailey witnessed someone stealing and they were over and Bailey pointed the finger at them to identify them to the shop keeper.
Gambling at the casino Alex lost all their money.
Jan was feeling ill, so they took some medicine for a cold.
Jordan threw the door open adn ran outside.
Robin put on scuba gear to swim with the fishes in the ocean.
Kendall ran at the town square clock for his friend to take a picture of him.
Alex gave a kiss to his girlfriend and told him she loved him.
Jan established a good relationship with Ash and was anxious to start a family.
Cameron found a way after being discouraged by others for years.
Austin got drunk with his friends off of money that he took from his parents.
Since they went out of their way to be friendly, Lee knew everyone at work.
Austin went on a field trip to an old fashioned arcade and bowling alley.
Cameron took off running and started heading towards Robin.
Alex eased their pain with rest after breaking their leg in the game.
Kai was cleaning the house before company arrived. They took the dust off everything.
Robin did their math homework and got a really good grade on it.
Aubrey has a big decision. One that could change the future of their life forever.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend to tell them their was a bomb in the building even though this was not true.
cameron got a suit tailored just for him.
Ash got Jordan one hotdog at the stand and a drink for them.
Robin knew Skylar personally. Skylar had often let her down in the past.
Carson pulled up stakes because they needed to do it.
Skylar gave Carson the peace sign and Skylar could see that this made Carson happy.
Taylor improved the patient's health by trying a new treatment method.
Riley was curious about Aubrey's pet cat, so Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat.
Bailey watched Remy's dog while Remy went of Vacation.
Sasha wanted to go to the concert. Sasha bought the ticket later.
Jesse called them into the room knowing that it would be locked behind them and then filled with poison.
Taylor is a doctor assigned to a ward in a major hospital.
Carson was sick, so Remy received Carson's reward instead.
Addison loved her hair so much that she spent hours on it every dya.
Tracy defrayed them in connection with crime if that weren't enough.
Remy found out the prognosis is glum. Remy takes the day off work and visits their grandma.
Cameron finally found a way home when they found a car to rent from the airport.
Tracy was talking Kendall up and giving her hope. Tracy ended up giving Kendall a big head.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal into his favorite bowl, but they didn't know they were out of milk.
Cameron and Taylor promised whoever lost the chess match would have to clean up the board and Cameron won.
Austin met the client's to drop off the paperwork the left at his desk.
After rear ending another driver in the way to work, Jesse called their insurance company.
Skylar is a famous writer. Addison wrote a 10 page fan letter to Skylar.
Addison told their friends that they did not like ice cream and would not attend.
Jan got dressed and put on her warm jacket since it was windy.
Sasha stimulated Taylor's interest with the business proposal.
Just after they received the approval and funding, Austin abandoned the idea altogether.
Aubrey told the waitress that they'd like another steak, because theirs came out cold.
Sasha told her friends. Her friends felt like she was lying to them.
Remy got a Christmas bonus from their job. They purchased a new car.
Sydney took Ash back to their house after Ash fell off their horse and broke their leg.
Robin tilted Riley's head up to apply eye shadow and mascara before the wedding.
Quinn went to the store and bought some pens she needed for work.
Taylor took their cat to the vet to make sure it stayed healthy.
Bailey loved to eat apples and ate one everyday.
After being criticized for weeks on end, Austin put management in their place.
Cameron thanked the people for supporting him in his political run.
After taking Kendall to the doctor, Jan got more medicine and went out to eat.
Remy gave Robin the feeling of love when he bought her a new ring.
Riley dipped Austin's head in the pool even though the rules strictly prohibit such behavior.
Alex got ready to go to the movies that night.
Quinn solved the country's crisis by using their intelligent brain.
Carson prevented Sydney from reaching her goal of winning the contest by scoring at the last second.
Robin picked Bailey's way of doing things instead of her own.
Kendall pushed Bailey over the edge. He didn't seem to care about Bailey's feelings.
jesse was bored so he built a treehouse in addison's backyard.
Jan needed an ID to get access to the system. Jan used Quinn's ID to obtain access.
Jan treated life differently after the accident that almost took her life.
Remy gave Skylar anything they asked for and as a result Skylar would only ask for more.
Remy gave Sydney plenty of money before she went on her big trip.
Aubrey lost the extra time he had for Quinn's sake in order to help him with his problems.
Jan left Riley's keys under his doormat after he forgot them at work.
Carson placed the win in perspective and got a lot of praise for the victory.
Carson heard the song today after not having heard it since high school prom.
Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to them when they came to the store to buy them.
Austin was having a lot of fun playing Dark Souls 3: The Fire Fades Edition.
Remy beat Carson's personal record of the high score on the pinball machine.
Riley taught the child how to fish in the lake as they were on their camping trip.
Quinn wouldn't go away after her friend got a new puppy.
Aubrey instantly fell on the floor after slipping on the banana peel.
Remy sent books to vietnam for the school children to read.
Jan kept sneaking off late at night to see her boyfriend without telling her parents.
Bailey took Quinn aside to say hello. Quinn accidentally spilled their drink onto Bailey.
Remy had been very ill, so Casey cleaned his apartment for him.
Taylor gave Carson a treat to eat after dinner that was tasty.
Jesse played baseball with their friends and ultimately cheated during the game surprising several.
Robin gave some food to their friend Robin so that they would feel better about things.
Addison gave a hug to Skylar's son after the son gave an account of being bullied.
Robin had joined their school's new competitive chess club.
Jordan gave her something to hold for a week in her house.
Quinn put my arm around Carson and made me super uncomfortable.
Remy couldn't get the toy car to work. Remy turned it over and replaced the battery.
Kai was playing a shooting videogame, and Kai blew the enemy away to kingdom come.
Sasha and Taylor booked a holiday, Sasha paid initially on their card then required Taylor's payment amount.
Lee was at the grocery store with their mom and asked them if they could get a treat.
Bailey decided that they needed a haircut and went to Cameron's salon.
Kai finally made a touchdown after attempting to many times.
Jordan looked high and low for the missing car keys but couldn't find them.
Lee imputed their meaning unto Riley because they wanted Riley to do what they were told.
Every time she went to a library Aubrey added more to her knowledge base.
Aubrey, the professor, opened the projects that the students submitted in the online form.
Casey's iphone had died so she went shopping for a new smartphone.
Sasha tired hurting men's souls because she is wicked.
Remy imagined how it would feel to make the winning shot at the game.
Cameron had always dreamed of having their own restaurant so they decided to start a business.
Taylor gave their mother a ride to the store to pick up some pills.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from work one day.
Addison made coffee and checked with everyone in the office to see if they wanted any.
Carson accidentally chipped Quinn's tooth when he threw the baseball at his face.
Tracy was playing volleyball in gym class and served the ball.
Robin rushed to the emergency room to get her wounds healed from the big accident.
Kai wished they could have some pets. Kai coveted their neighbor's pets.
Remy couldn't take how dirty Jordan's garage was so she decided to clean out Jordan's garage.
Skylar was making a glass of tea in the kitchen, when she heard a strange loud noise outside.
Jordan wanted to have a snack, so Ash got Jordan one hotdog.
Tracy visited Canada last fall to visit some family.
Carson always has been in love with Kai, so he wanted to take Kai on a dat.
Skylar wasn't paying attention and Skylar injured their knee.
Jordan converted the village to Christianity with his wise words.
Austin took a taxi to the city because Austin could not find an Uber.
Although she knew it was wrong, Bailey judged the lack of righteousness by that man.
Sasha had worked very hard for the upcoming competition. Sasha won another award.
bailey was a cold person but she maintained her relationship with carson.
Ash inherited a house from Tracy's father and fixed it up very nice.
Ash got up from bed and ran over to the shower to get ready quicker.
Taylor had Cameron's number and really wanted to talk to her.
Addison saw an opportunity to save money and decided to use the coupon.
Sydney gave Carson information on where to go next week to the fair.
To keep everyone in the house comfortable, Casey raked over the coals in the stove and added more wood.
Tracy wanted to become an astronaut since she was a kid. She studied hard and her dream came true.
Carson took Jesse's eyes away from the textbook by being very loud.
Sasha worked two jobs. Sasha was always exhausted. It was difficult.
Tracy left the theater because the audience was being too loud.
Taylor got some pizza for their whole family to share for dinner.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers across the keys to show him which notes he should play.
Sasha had to do a group project, so she set up a meeting with her group to discuss the project in detail.
Robin placed the pulley in the position necessary and notified the others to continue.
Remy left Skylar's room and went to the kitchen to get them both snacks.
Casey had been underperforming and Ash was going to write them up.
Taylor was able to help Jesse out and give them their medicine.
bailey was worried so she discussed a concern in detail at the meeting.
Eventually, Riley avenged their brother's death at the hands of the betrayer.
Austin told Sasha's wife that he loved her as a sister and friend.
Remy was a first time home buyer and looking forward to getting their first house. Remy signed the real estate deed.
Taylor made Kai attack the other team while they were resting with a lead.
Sasha stared straight ahead while sitting at the bus stop after work.
Alex was part of a large group of friends and was happy to help out when one was in need.
Jordan was shopping at the mall for gifts for all of her students.
Aubrey left my house and went straight to work.
Aubrey had made Sydney explain herself because it was very confusing in the thing that she just did.
Bailey paid money to support them because they were very poor and couldn't afford their rent.
Carson lost faith for a moment but regained his composure and succeeded.
Addison couldn't sleep, because Addison was worried about their fears.
Kai has not shared the news yet because they didn't know how their partner would react.
Sydney ordered dinner for themselves and Kai as they knew Kai well enough to know what they would choose.
Riley saw that Casey had her hand in the door frame; as it was closing she pushed her fingers out of the way.
Jesse got sick one day and stayed home and watched TV.
Bailey took food outside. They had a cookout with family.
Sydney gave Carson's life a new meaning after she gave birth to their son.
Aubrey got their girlfriend from home and took her out to a very nice dinner.
Sydney had gone on a long run and was feeling parched.
Aubrey came from a difficult and disadvantaged background, but he had worked very hard, and Aubrey became a success.
Kendall held a fundraiser for a sick relative, and then donated the money.
Remy and Tracy were listening to a speech given by a controversial politician.
Austin was bored at home today and decided to hang paintings on the wall.
Aubrey educated their children against racism after growing up in a racist house themself.
Casey met their death that day while driving on a careening road to hang out with others.
Skylar overslept this morning. Skylar missed the bus for school.
Quinn is a very nice guy and sent Cameron flowers at the hospital.
Riley wanted to get going, but first he had to find his jacket.
Bailey held their hand out to see if they could get some free candy.
Aubrey took their child to the hospital because the child had been running a fever.
Remy went beyond Casey and asked someone else.
Skylar mixed all the ingredients for their secret recipe to serve to their friends.
Robin sat alone in their room because everyone was being mean to them at the party.
For her final project, Casey wrote a paper using what she had learned so far.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept her invitation to the prom.
Tracy and her best friend walked through the forest and went their ways together.
Aubrey loved to fish in the outdoors and get fresh air.
Sydney walked beside Tracy on the beach and had a fun time.
Remy gave Robin a bad feeling when they started telling spooky stories.
Taylor got Jesse into trouble as they tried to cheat on the test.
Jordan helped Riley find their way back from the middle of the city.
Kai invited her family over for board games this Thursday and will surprise them with cake.
Ash asked Taylor to call their mom and see if she could stay there later.
Jordan used Taylor's advice when they did their class project.
After years pf playing together, Alex finally beat Addison's dad in a chess game.
Quinn talked to his brother and decided he would go to the party alone.
Remy had a deep secret and need to clear the air by telling Austin something.
Jesse put the turkey away too late and it burned which ruined dinner.
Ash requested a recommendation letter for college from his high school teacher Carson.
Aubrey was dating Skylar and wanted to marry them after they graduated from college.
Robin started school at noon because the other's were late too.
Sasha took her daughter to the bathroom because she was crying and making a big scene.
Aubrey went to her friend Cameron's house to bring her a present.
Bailey loved her friends so much that she gave them all a special gift.
The smell made Skylar feel ill, and Quinn's stomach also turned.
Lee wanted to be Remy's friend and bought her a gift.
Alex relaxed and watched the show with his friends after work.
Skylar didn't think she was going to like school. Skylar had a good first day and loved school.
Taylor went with Kai to the gym so they could help each other lose weight.
Riley was a new student at their school and so Kai kept Riley at a distance.
Before applying the watercolor paints, Sydney contacted the surface of the paper with water.
Kai kept his nose clean when they blew the mucus off it.
Cameron greased the wheels so the car would run smoothly.
Remy held Skylar's meetings in her home until her neighbors complained.
Skylar ran smoothly during the race so that they could win.
With Aubrey running through his mind all day, Remy decided to buy flowers and ask Aubrey on a date.
Sydney was in desperate need for money so she took a job as a cropper on a local farm.
Lee told Ash to follow them when they were going to the park.
Kendal and the Others all took piano lessons. Kendall said they could all go play after the lessons. The Others like to fish and play sports.
Austin got closer to Taylor so they could see the game they were playing on their phone.
Sasha went to a party with their friends and wanted to make sure they looked nice.
Tracy was nowhere to be seen and the others were starting to worry.
Robin played their cards right and got a new car because of the deeds.
Riley prepared for the reception. It was going to be a grand event.
Jordan told Kendall to be quiet after they made a joke about them.
Sydney needed a new car, so the hunkered down and saved money for a down payment.
cameron was a police officer so he asked the man a question.
Ash welcomed Cameron back into the group and got Cameron a cake to celebrate.
Sydney told her friend to meet her at the theater so they could watch the film together.
Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents to know she was grateful for their help.
Carson dug Jesse's nails into chest because he was feeling a little bit angry.
Sasha called Kai a bad name during a fight. Kai still loved Sasha.
Quinn put gas in the tank and then drove to work to make a lot of money.
Bailey watch the movie alone and really enjoyed the ending.
Sydney wrote out their ticket and accepted payment for the service she provided.
Sasha wanted to sneak out of the house but Sasha decided to listen to her mom instead.
Carson gave a speech in front of the class and waited for the reaction of others.
Sasha saved the mother's place on the crowded bus when there was only one seat.
Jesse told their partner to go to the movies and save a seat for her.
Robin looked out and treated her like gold.
Quinn lost everything they had left in a double or nothing hand of poker after racking up tons of debt.
Sasha's nails were getting too long on her. Sydney cut Sasha's nails.
Ash called the vet to help her cat get well as soon as possible.
Jesse was always looking to save money. Jesse nickled and dimed things.
Jan satisfied their desires for the products that they were asking for.
Jan turned their car into the driveway and finally arrived home.
Addison, a medical student, started to shake just at the site of blood.
Remy had some problems that he couldn't deal with. Remy always drank to forget them.
Ash talked Carson into going to the mall with her.
Skylar just picked up a brand new sewing hobby. Skylar made their own Halloween costume by hand this year.
After hearing that all of the girls stole candy from the store Robin called everybody to repentance.
Jan was having someone come stay with her for a while. Jan put blankets on the bed for her.
Quinn had an appointment to get to so Aubrey told Quinn the time.
Alex watched a new movie that they enjoyed because they were paid to prepare an article.
Casey and Ash decided that they should take turns playing each other's roles to see if that worked better so Casey went first.
Ash bragged to all their friends to show off the new gadget.
Kendall found their way in life after struggling for years at college and graduate school.
Remy obtained an education for Quinn so that he could work in the field of his choice.
Sasha didn't want to speak to their lying boyfriend after they caught them cheating, but Sasha called them anyway.
Riley's boyfriend wanted to borrow Jordan's car for the night. Jordan told Riley's boyfriend no.
Alex gave Lee's son just as much love as the other kids.
Cameron gave Jordan the title. Jordan earned it and deserved it.
Sasha ate all of the different items that were located at the mall.
Jordan got in a fight with a friend of his and they never talked again.
Lucas was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy didn't see Kendall for a year and missed her very much.
Tracy studied for the their test because this test determined whether or not she would graduate.
Aubrey mum's explained to Carson that men had stolen their car but Carson forgave the men Aubrey's mum talked about as Carson was religious.
Skylar interests Riley a lot, so Riley spent a lot of time trying to learn about them.
Austin grew up around the lake and loved swimming.
Lee was Carson's legal guardian and when Lee noticed Carson was struggling with maths, Lee hired a tutor to help Carson.
Tracy created Remy an image of their company logo and it was well received.
Cameron played basketball with some friends, and afterward they were all tired and hungry.
Skylar stole and sold Bailey's antique watch that Bailey loved dearly, having received it from their grandfather.
Ash got hit in the face for being mean to another kid.
Remy's friend bought him a nice watch for his birthday and Remy loved the gift.
Carson traveled far away on a mission to get to see Quinn's son.
Riley realized the conversation was private so Riley turned on their heel to head the other direction.
Sasha decorated Aubrey's tree with many beautiful ornaments that were very shiny.
Jan bought a bike from Kai's husband at a good price.
Bailey read aloud a book about the big bear in the big city.
Ash told his friend that he was going to play a trick on him.
With year of experience in finance and multiple degrees, Jordan managed Cameron's finances effectively.
Jordan left nothing in the fridge for Remy but left money to order a pizza instead.
Skylar, walking along the path, looked down and saw the ring and made sure to return it.
jesse was told a study could save his mom, so jesse devoted their income to the study.
Taylor was helping finish things from Kendall's daily existence list which is what Kendall called her errand list.
Kendall is a tenant who has not paid rent, so Carson issued them an edict.
Tracy persuaded the dog, the cats and the animals to go.
Casey collected Aubrey's thoughts and wrote them down in the big red journal.
Carson sneaked by the tree and opened all of Alex's presents.
Quinn had a bit too much to drink and fell down as she was going to her car.
Kendall stocked up on groceries for the coming week.
Jan got new tires when her tires went flat on the highway.
Robin wrote something nice about their father in the paper.
Casey saw Aubrey write an example on the classroom board.
Skylar was expecting to see Addison's first child, but Addison refused to show Skylar their child.
Skylar nicely asked Ash if he was going to be there at the party.
Alex was afraid to call her crush, so Alex made Remy call.
Remy took melatonin after several weeks of not being able to sleep right.
Sasha hurt Austin's feeling the other day. Sasha owed Austin an apology.
Ash immediately offered the job to the first person who applied, ignoring negative feedback about the applicant.
aubrey had a flat tire so she decided to put air in it.
sydney listened to the band's music and decided that she liked their music.
Bailey went to the store to get some of the things he needed for supper tonight.
Remy put all of her eggs in the basket and bought the bitcoin stock instead.
Bailey gave her friend the opportunity to participate in a raffle to win a video game system.
Alex sat beside Jordan as he waited to get treatment.
Lee gave Alex's hand a kiss to show his love for her.
Jordan hid Sydney's phone under the bushel so it didn't get rained on.
Sasha asserted one's independence by leaving the parents and going downtown.
Taylor expressed their point clearly by pointing to the board and explaining the notes.
Aubrey's children were home schooled.  Aubrey educated their children.
Alex and Casey were in a fight when unexpectedly Alex snapped Casey's fingers.
Taylor hated the idea of living alone, so Taylor kept Jan around.
Addison played the piano very well after having practiced for years.
Taylor said Bailey would complete everything that they had to do at work.
Remy bought the boat for a lot less than it was worth because the owner was clueless.
Tracy handled every problem skillfully and impressed her workers.
Robin let Kai in, but locked the door behind Kai because there was a strange man following them.
Taylor became best friends with them because they all had a lot in common.
Robin was very kind hearted and gave the beggar her rent money for the month.
lee knew how to have fun so he gave cameron a good time.
jordan agreed to go on a date with tracy so he told her to get the keys.
Kai moved closer. She wanted so much for him to like her.
Quinn reduced the temperature of the pizza by a factorof one.
Bailey had worked very hard for the competition. Bailey won first place.
Tracy snapped it up and threw it away because it expired.
alex was being taught by a math tutor so he replaced the twos with ones.
Tracy found Kendall snooping around Tracy's stuff in her room at home.
Robin loved playing the piano and decided to take classes at her local community classes.
Casey looked at Skylar's vitals and wasn't very pleased.
Kai won the talent contest at school and earned a trophy and a $20 giftcard to pizza shack.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling head over heels in love with him that night.
Kai took into consideration the report about the company filing for bankruptcy before he made a deal.
Sydney gave Riley hope by giving some lessons on how to solve math fast.
Sasha took her dog to the ocean and walked along the beach.
James was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Ash talked Carson into leaving so they would be on time for the movie.
Cameron asked Alex their salary. Alex lied to Cameron.
Remy gave the gift that was a blue watch with white diamonds all around the dials.
Sash to Addison's belongings to them at work.
Sydney and Jan were making out when Sydney's teeth got in the way.
Lee stood shoulder to shoulder with her competitors and got ready to play.
Sasha needs to spend time with their dying father, so they resigned in Casey's office.
Addison went to a horror movie with her friend even though she did not like them.
Tracy visited Canada, and it was the first time they ever left the United States.
Skylar took us out to lunch to celebrate their new job.
Sasha discussed the paper in detail, noting that the victors normally write the history but sometimes are biased.
Jesse had lost their phone and Aubrey found it for them.
Addison returned to their car and realized they had forgot their bag in the store.
Sasha found a job where they could sing at work without bothering anyone.
Robin sowed her oats before she decided to get married to her boyfriend.
Riley had a big crush on the boy, so Riley gave the boy a kiss.
Kai left Carson alone so he could finish his homework and get his grades up.
Jesse got in on the act after overhearing a conspiracy to rob a liquor store.
Aubrey gave Addison direction on how they should act in their life.
Taylor was chopping vegetables for dinner and accidentally got too close to Casey, who was passing through the kitchen.
Lee was known for being a bully and gave Cameron a hard time at school.
Kai kept their nose clean while they had a cold and runny nose.
Skylar was interest in Lee, but he was not and turned her affection away.
Sasha was a musician. They won another award.
Alex tried to get away and don´t go see his aunt.
tracy was spoken to by a guidance counselor and became more comfortable.
Aubrey saw the attack from Austin coming and was able to repel it back.
Bailey played kickball with their friends during gym period at school.
Sydney was a manager for a big company. She had many responsibilities. She had to delegate the opening of the business each morning. She gave the responsibility and key to Skylar.
Addison's heating system shut down but they had a fireplace.
Sydney was sitting rather dejectedly in their car while Carson wrote Sydney a ticket.
Cameron sent a quick message to his employer to report an email fishing scam.
Carson said that they would be ready for the baseball game that night.
Carson flew everywhere all over the world to see new things.
carson was running for office so he announced it to everyone in a speech.
Tracy bent Jordan's head painfully backwards intentionally.
Kai took the bike to a repair shop. The chain had slipped and it needed to be replaced.
Skylar called Bailey by her name to announce she had won.
Riley rode his bike to work and then finished their work early.
Addison called Lee and Jordan and invited them over for a party since they were new in town.
Cameron bought a lot of Christmas gifts for their family's gathering in December.
Although there were cheaper options that looked similar, Ash opted for the watch that costed a pretty penny.
Sasha asked her son to go check the mail after she saw the mail truck go by.
Jan struck very chord on time. Her performance came off well she thought.
according to the article Tracy led Alex's existence nowhere.
Ash told Cameron an unbelievable story and when Cameron looked into Ash's hazel eyes, Cameron knew Ash was telling the truth.
Austin was riding his bike and avoided a turtle in the road.
Austin pulled Taylor closer because he had wanted to kiss her all night.
Natalie was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex took Aubrey to the lake for two hours. Alex fell into the lake and Aubrey had to save him.
Remy signed the real estate deed. She then hoped that she would get a good price for her house.
Austin saw another friend at the party and had a good time there.
Remy passed their friend quickly in the hall at school.
Addison gave the dentist their money before their appointment time.
Jordan, the surgeon, was responsible for the operation that would raise Cameron's eyes.
Kendall shared their brilliant idea with Addison over lunch.
Casey was impressed with Cameron during their job interview.  Casey hired Cameron on the spot.
Remy was always getting teased by his older brothers. Remy taught them a lesson once and for all.
Austin came home from the war and couldn't adjust to normal wife.
Austin was sent home with a note from his teacher stating he could not see the board, so he got glasses.
Tracy landed on Bailey's hand after trying to do a pyramid in cheerleading.
Jan accused Lee of cheating and broke up with them and was upset when they found out that it wasn't true.
Riley's commander made unjust and harmful demands, so Riley defied every order.
In school the teacher asked a question and no one knew the answer but Jesse so the teacher asked Jesse to get up and write it on the board.
Kendall bought a brand new television at the store and brought it home with them that day.
Ash lent Jan some money to pay for groceries after finding out Jan lost their job.
Remy came up behind Jan to scare her today.
Robin saw Taylor all the time and asked if he would like to carpool.
Alex was kept up late from his new pet singing.  His new pet was a bird and he couldn't take it anymore, so he had to return it.
After an inquiry about something related to work, Aubrey gave Tracy knowledge.
Alex tried hard to fix it but was unable to after trying.
Robin went there for lunch after her friend told her the new restaurant was amazing.
Skylar knew that the party was full of jerks but still advised Tracy to go.
Addison was concerned as Skylar bought a cheap car at the auction so Addison checked the car for any problems.
Ash and Aubrey told their friends they were going to a different school soon.
Robin got flowers delivered to her office one day. Robin looked at them and examined the flowers in detail.
Jan performed the dance well with their partner at the dance competition.
Taylor is worried their work won't be good enough for their boss to be happy. Bailey is good at this kind of project but has said they don't want to help. Taylor lies to her boss saying Bailey will help.
Sasha was able to ace the test, knowing all the answers thanks to their experiences.
Skylar and Casey had been dating for a couple of weeks. Skylar had always loved Casey.
Robin tried to stop Remy from moving out on her own at such a young age.
Taylor filed Lee's application for benefits when Lee got very sick.
They kew Addison would be out of work for a while for surgery so while she was gone Aubrey would perform Addison's function within the company.
Carson wanted to touch Quinn but he was fighting a war far away.
Carson sold the cars for to low so no one made money after it.
Alex put her things in a box and hid them under her bed.
Sasha completed all of the objectives for the class perfectly with plenty of time to spare.
Even though it was Jan's first time working with the software, Jan performed the job well.
Remy fed the fish some good food before going to sleep that night.
Remy prepared another meal after eating a small sandwich for dinner.
Sydney had so many pictures piling up in a box. Sydney used their skills to make the album.
Remy was only 3 years old but managed to light all the candles by himself.
Jesse was athletic and liked to play sports. Jesse played baseball with their friends.
Ash is watching television and began watching a show that always made him cry afterwards.
Skylar came into force on Tracy the work that needed to be done by next Friday.
Kai wanted to drive home in the middle of the snowstorm, but Sydney wanted Kai to stay.
Robin brought the paperwork to trial so her client could look it over and sign it.
Kendall wanted to borrow the lawnmower, but Jordan didn't want them to so he broke it.
Ash had just woke up and decided to make breakfast.
Taylor was being annoying and causing trouble at Aubrey's house. Finally, Aubrey persuaded Taylor to leave.
Addison witnessed a riot in the streets. They took part in the struggle.
Jordan and Tracy was married and struggling financially. Jordan told Tracy to get a job.
Alex realized that his sink was leaking. Alex called his landlord.
Addison made Bailey's incision, and the rest of the surgery was perfect.
Addison borrowed a book from a friend and then returned the book that evening.
Aubrey created an illusion that Addison really enjoyed looking at with them.
Jesse and Lee were up late one night and couldn't fall asleep. Jesse decided to tell Lee a ghost story in the dark.
Robin gave the beggar money. They gave the beggar less than was requested.
Quinn heard a loud noise. it made him jump and then he laughed at himself.
Ash loved Tracy's work in sincerity and visits her gallery as often as she can.
Jordan took a walk in the sun one afternoon with a group of friends.
Austin had never been on a train before so he decided to buy a train ticket for his trip.
Even though Taylor knew their friend would be mad at them, Taylor told the truth when Taylor's teacher asked if Taylor's friend cheated on the test.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for thirty dollars because it's all she could pay him.
Skylar wasn't sure what they were going to do in life until they had a baby. Skylar found their purpose in the world.
Ash paid Jesse to do their math homework for them.
Lee took Casey's shoes off so that Casey could lie down in bed.
Sasha has been seriously sick for a while now and is admitted in the hospital. She took a turn for the worse yesterday.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to come over and play with her kids over the weekend.
After their cat slipped out the door, Lee drove around their neighborhood to find it.
Cameron payed close attention to her dad's instruction on how to run their business. Therefore, she saw what it was like to succeed easily.
Bailey fended and proved himself at the meeting to show what he was worth.
Jan skips breakfast because her alarm clock broke and she woke up too late.
Cameron grew tired of the bike.  They decided to donate it.
Bailey ate healthy food all the time.
Alex maintained Riley's system for filing paper work because it worked so well.
Carson led Jan's life down a dark path or drugs and prostitution.
Casey bought a gallon of milk and put it in the cooler.
Bailey accidentally knocked over the vase and had to find a replacement by the end of the day.
Remy found a coin in his pocket and ran out of his house.
Lee and his wife have been not doing so well for some time financially and marriage wise.
Sydney told jan's mother something about jan that was damaging and hurtful.
Remy left the puppy behind and the neighbors had to find a new home for it.
Tracy kept asking Kendall to go to prom, but Kendall would not answer.
Sydney read Austin the riot act and then they fought for hours.
Sydney was at a bonfire and she told scary stories to the kids.
Skylar had been having trouble with pain in their hands from arthritis. They made an appointment with Taylor to get a hand massage. Taylor started to massage their hands.
Ash decided to let loose and threw everything to the wind.
Austin accepted every risk he took protecting the country from terrorists.
Jan left Riley's keys so she could drive home when she woke up.
Riley thought about it carefully and decided to forgive his friend.
Jesse brought home a dog on the way home from work.
Riley had an old record collection and she sold it on ebay.
Casey had recently watched a program that taught her about the dangers of sun exposure, so when she took her child Quinn to the beach, Casey protected Quinn from the sun.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai for years ever since high school.
Kendall took piano lessons and was really doing well.
Ash divided them into categories in a way that made the most logical sense.
Kai broke Casey's arm to demonstrate that he had become much stronger.
Jordan's neighbor shot Jordan's brother's dog because it charged their dog. Remy avenged Jordan's brother's dog.
skylar got a high paying job so she had to move to a new city.
Alex stayed awake to study for a big test that was scheduled for the next day.
Tracy was walking home from work and found some money on the street.
Remy did something nice for Kendall when they helped with their homework.
As Kendall's attorney, Lee got everything needed to settle Kendall's affairs.
Robin saw some scrawny looking homeless people gathered on a rainy street corner and gave them money.
Remy reduced the car into a pile of metal after getting into a bad accident.
Kai collected sports cards and after they sold them they remembered them forever.
Taylor arrived late as he was walking in to his workplace today.
Riley watched sports and watched his team win the big game that day.
Bailey discussed this problem in detail with her workers and supervisor.
Jesse stayed in Jan's room when they were staying with their friend.
Austin sold their crops in the market.  Their entire family helped them.
Even though they knew they probably didn't have a chance, Lee really wanted to win the science competition.
Jordan really wanted to eat pizza but their favorite restaurant was closed.
starting on their famous perogi, Casey made the dough.
Jan was going to the airport one Sunday. Jan met their mom at the gate.
Ash couldn't decide between three books to read but finally decided on one book to read.
Tracy and Addison were playing on opposing teams in a game of ice hockey, and with a careless swing of a stick, Tracy broke Addison´s nose.
Jan bought some toys for their children because they were well behaved.
Cameron paid Taylor a visit. They hadn't seen each other in a long time.
Addison walked home from work after a long day at work.
alex was looking around for fun and found a jacket in their house.
Tracy needed to get more food. Tracy purchased food at the store.
Sasha felt cold.  They asked for a very thick jacket.
Skylar wanted a new shirt because she was tired of the colors of her old ones.
Riley mixed salt and pepper together to create a new spice called palt.
Cameron saw Casey this morning. They liked to have breakfast together.
Bailey's boyfriend was trying to rape her so she ended up shooting and killing him.
Taylor used Jordan's first name to get a ticket for the ball game.
Aubrey got their girlfriend new shoes and an outfit for their birthday.
Addison wanted to cause trouble, so he asked Tracy's girlfriend out.
jan used quinn's identity to obtain information that was top secret and they were charged with treason.
Austin floated Bailey's boat using some rubber floating devices.
Robin wanted to see the dog so she pulled the dog from skylar.
Robin avenged their father's death by killing his murder.
Riley gave Aubrey orders to leave work early after Aubrey failed the inspection.
Kai couldn't see what was going on so he turned on the lights.
Addison could not afford to pay for her lunch, so Sydney lent her money.
Addison screamed with delight upon finding out she got accepted to her dream College.
The books were old and falling apart, so Addison bound the books together to keep them stable.
Cameron did not used to be a believer, until they experienced a miracle. Then, Cameron understood God's plan.
Skylar took the advice of Riley's action and decided to go through with it fully.
Sasha started taking music lessons and decided she loved singing classical music.
Jan gave Kai's husband a hug after hearing the good news about Kai's recovery.
Aubrey folded Skylar's hands over her chest in a sweet and loving embrace.
Bailey made Sydney audition even though Sydney didn't want to do it.
Quinn sent Cameron flowers at the hospital after finding out they'd had a car accident.
Robin thought they would try a new food, but they ended up hating it.
Lee gave their speech some edits that took a few tries to get it perfect.
Austin hung out with Quinn's friends and told Quinn's friends that Quinn is a bad friend.
Robin called her daughter and told her they couldn't afford her college tuition anymore.
Remy was able to describe the news article very accurately and briefly.
Robin gave the customer a haircut and charged them half price.
Riley had just had a baby and decided to give the baby a name.
Austin gave Robin a believable reason. However, it turned out to be untrue.
Skylar went to see the movies this afternoon.
Jesse drove home from work one day and found out the truth.
Remy decided to adopt Taylor as her daughter today.
Jan noticed that we were crying and sad and asked us what was wrong.
Alex gave Jesse a pleasurable massage experience package for her birthday.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best version of themselves with constant criticism.
Sydney washed their hands outside and washed hers as well.
Robin gave all their money to the other people who couldn't afford anything.
Casey performed with Jan to help them with their duties.
Skylar threw a party for Sydney's friend so Sydney would know how much people cared.
riley had a mold on his face so ash examined riley closely.
Quinn bought medicine without a prescription but didn't get any better so he called the doctor.
Bailey finally learnt to swim after many months of practicing.
Sasha helped Jan to make an awesome rock camp for them to enjoy.
Kai quoth another story because they needed to.
Lee caught Addison stealing from the office after hours. Lee fired Addison on the spot.
Kai needed a glass of water, so they asked the waiter.
Quinn was working their way through college. They made blankets at home.
Jan decided to go to the doctor to see what the problem was.
Kai kept Riley's distance by have them served with a restraining order.
Aubrey potty trained her son in a very quick time.
Casey crossed the finish line of the fifty yard dash in first place.
Bailey made a scarf for their friend and gave it to them on their birthday.
Kai decorated their house for Halloween to make sure kids would know to come.
Riley heard voices in the house even though she was the only one there.
Robin got home early from school and wanted to take a break.
Taylor was rejected from the party, so Taylor went elsewhere and had fun.
Taylor rolls the poster up and puts it behind Skylar.
Bailey called her friends because she wanted to play a game.
Jesse was feeling a bit down after breaking up with their boyfriend. Riley called Jesse today.
Skylar quickly got ready for work because he was late.
Addison was a regular student of human behaviors.
Skylar got a job at the store, but kept messing everything up there.
The kids wanted to do something fun for the weekend, so Skylar took them fishing.
Alex made Austin headway in the competition by sabotaging the other competitors.
Kai took Riley's kids to school and was happy to help out when she had to work early.
Quinn noticed Casey's dirty fingers so he dug Casey's fingers in order to clean them.
Sasha built Jan's garden upon a rock. Therefore, the vegetables did not come to fruition.
The neighbors were loudly fighting again and Kai couldn't sleep. So, Kai tried to watch a movie instead.
tracy got kidnapped by a serial killer and was nowhere to be seen.
Jordan pointed their finger at the board to explain the problem to Quinn.
Robin knew Skylar personally and agreed to introduce them.
Addison wanted to get the last Superbowl ticket.  Therefore, Addison took advantage of their position as a powerful politician.
Ash was out at the pool for too long and got a sunburn, so Ash put aloe on their sunburn.
Cameron took their mom along to the show to see their friend perform.
Robin's mother couldn't walk after her surgery.
Remy drew Lee an analogy to explain the difference in the testimonies of the eye witnesses.
Taylor extended their power by making sure all of their opponents were either dead or disgraced.
Jordan needed help with their homework. Riley helped Jordan with it.
Robin was admitted to an Ivy League college while others were angry they were not.
Remy helped the old woman who was struggling across the street.
Robin fought Kendall at lunch cause she was talking to a boy that Robin liked.
Chan ordered the criminals put to the sword after stealing the king's jewels in the castle.
Robin took me to the hair cuttery so that I could get my hair cut.
It was Robin's first night as a nurse and they detected some distress in the patients.
sasha waited for her friends because she thought they would help.
Riley's two friends wanted Metallica concert tickets, and she believed they were in luck because she had another friend giving away tickets.
jordan was tired and exhausted so he tried to sleep.
Casey got Ash's car fixed while Alex was laid up in the hospital.
In the midst of a very challenging competition, Sasha put forth a lot of effort.
Skylar's father had run out of gas, so Skylar went to take him some.
Taylor pursued their dream after realize that her favorite artist woule be in town.
Skylar turned her back on Quinn when Quinn made fun of her.
Austin spent all afternoon doing nothing despite having a test coming up.
Since Cameron couldn't decide between chocolate or vanilla ice cream, Cameron decided to flip a coin.
Alex made effort in Tracy's new haircut so she would be happy.
addison wanted to be nice to his grandma so he paid her rent for her.
Aubrey has had a sick hamster for days and their parents finally asked if they could put the little pet to sleep. In the morning Aubrey said goodbye to their hamster and sent their hamster to die.
Jesse affected Casey's health by poisoning their cereal every morning.
Cameron who is a hard worker and manager finally hired a new employee.
Taylor tried online dating and didn't have much good luck.
Skylar went to the market and bought a basket of apples which she carried home.
Sasha went to a party with their friends after ignoring them during a busy work week.
Remy felt calmer after meditating and getting his thoughts in order.
Kendall wanted to keep the gift forever they liked it so much.
Riley had had enough of how Quinn was always treating him so he declared war on Quinn.
Austin set some academic goals for themselves while in school. Austin reached their goals without much effort.
Austin and Remy went to the pastor.
Aubrey and Addison liked each other a lot and dwelt together.
Robin became Skylar's officer when they became eligible for parole.
Kai was involved in a fight with other students and walked away from school.
Cameron owned a book shop but their assistant quit so for many months Cameron worked non-stop but finally Cameron hired a replacement so they could take some well earned rest.
Robin drove their car home with the family from going camping.
Cameron played poker with some friends but unfortunately was not very good.
Remy collected cans to save extra money for a vacation for themself.
Quinn misunderstood Kendall when she talked with her mouth full of food.
Alex preserved their independence from his parents that summer.
Madeline was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Addison got in trouble at school and had to call her parents into principal Skylar's office.
Remy converted the suns rays to energy. They are talented at science.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to shake hands and then do a high five.
Remy gave them the gift and the family was very pleased with them.
Bailey spent so much time on her speech that she used up Addison's time as well.
Skylar took their dog to a park. The dog loved to run.
Austin drove their new car onto the highway during a lot of traffic.
Austin contacted Casey's friends and invited them to the surprise party.
After the skillet caught on fire, Carson had to call for help with the fire.
Jesse saw a movie with their friends but they talked loudly the whole way through and refused to help pay for the group's snacks.
Jesse drove to the lake every summer to go fishing.
Taylor wanted to get together for drinks and sent me a text message.
Lee saw a rat and ran away screaming in fear.
It was Christmas morning and it was time to open presents. Taylor gave their daughter presents.
Quinn surprised the kids with a party and got a clown to entertain them.
Alex had a party at his house while his parents were out of town even though they told him not to.
Austin sat down after a long day and went on the computer. Austin received an email.
Remy sent an invitation to all of Alex's friends for a surprise party.
Quinn told Tracy his intended reactions to the slander against him.
cameron was a nice person so he gave casey a drink.
Sydney wasn't sure if she was going to stay out all night or not. Sydney came home that afternoon after a change in plans.
Jesse played board games with his friends at the sleep over.
Ash was having a birthday party at his home, and Ash let his friend come inside to help him decorate for the event.
Quinn saved money for a down payment on a house in a safer neighborhood.
lee was a manager at a bank, so he gave kendall an opportunity for a job.
Sydney's friends were joking with Ash and Sydney joked with Ash as well.
Alex called Jan, because he knew Jan pretty well as a skilled lifeguard.
Jordan told their parents about what happened to the car last week.
Tom wondered how they looked. Jesse told Tom.
Feeling pressured to play despite not liking it, Lee played Austin's game.
Addison scooted across the carpet towards Austin in just their socks.
Skylar flew around the island on a tour and saw people scuba diving in the ocean.
Lee was impressed with the service he recieved, so he gave the employee a bonus.
Alex wanted a specific pair of shoes, so Aubrey bought them the shoes.
Taylor got it working after trying all day.
Bailey bought some clothes for the new school year, but they were all used and discounted, and made Bailey feel poor.
Cameron was watching a movie and had a lot of fun watching the many scenes.
Bailey expressed her opinion even when it was inappropriate.
Taylor didn't have it himself, but he knew that he could get it from his friend.
Riley was riding Sasha'a bike around the street then suddenly Riley fell off Sasha's bike.
Alex left the Olympic torch in Remy's hands for him to use.
Kai opened the package after she brought it inside the house.
Casey wanted to play water polo with the other kids, but they ignored Casey. Casey swam away.
Skylar was trying to be helpful and enhanced Tracy's understanding of the very difficult math equation.
Skylar was getting bullied by a group of girls in the playground so Jordan came over to help Skylar out.
Sydney read Austin the riot act after he didn't go to school this week.
Jordan kept Bailey safe all throughout her childhood.
Kai was grounded for two weeks and felt really guilty about what they did to their parents.
Carson joined their husband at the gym in order to exercise.
Skylar wanted to dress up as a Disney princess. Skylar made their own costume this year.
Sasha tangled Jordan's fingers in Sasha's own while they were on a date.
remy had learned terrible news and he realized he had to tell austin.
Quinn dreamed of one day when he would be accepted by everyone.
Jan visited Robin's parents after taking her to the hospital.
Cameron licked their face because they were covered in honey.
Quinn wanted to know the weather so Quinn asked Austin to describe it well.
Remy was putting on an event so Remy posted flyers.
After having a big argument over the guy that they both were dating, Remy left Skylar's room.
Aubrey sprained an ankle badly while playing soccer after getting out of school.
Robin spoke gently to Alex about all the mind games he had been playing lately.
riley was manager at a bank so he got robin a job opportunity.
Tracy met Taylor's parents and then played video games with Taylor.
Bailey decided to join forces with her dad because he was a strong man and had a lot of money.
Remy put the change from the utility and grocery bills into their friend's wallet.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting, because Quinn was blind and could only imagine it.
Alex needed a place to live so they moved in their friend Cameron's house.
Aubrey gave Kai an idea for his book report at school.
Skylar sung and played an instrument in the school play.
Sydney is grading Cameron's paper and marked it.
Kendall opened Remy's gift and saw it was a photo of them.
Jordan withdrew Sasha's support money that she was saving to pay for college from the ATM.
Jordan wanted to have a houseplant, so he filled a pot with soil, then placed a plant into the soil.
Kai tore the book to pieces after having nightmares from it.
Jan allowed Austin access to come over and enjoy a nice night of movie watching.
Tracy invited the people to a party but ignored a lot of them.
Sasha took her to Vegas before standing up for her in her wedding.
Addison hadn't been feeling well all day. They decided to leave work early.
Carson issued Kendall an edict after they had a rough time with them.
Kai sat and talked with her friend before leaving for an appointment.
Addison was causing trouble so Jesse gave Addison a lecture.
After going to the mall together, Alex helped to pack up Aubrey's car with all the new things they bought.
Riley took Lee's choice away because Lee made terrible decisions in the past.
Taylor got a great grade on her test and got promoted.
Alex escaped Cameron's cage quickly and saved the rest of them as well.
Casey gave Austin an indication of Austin's progress in learning the material after a short quiz.
Sydney placed the top of the wedding cake on the middle layer for the photograph.
Casey cleaned the bathroom because it had been a week since they cleaned it last.
Carson conducted Casey's experiment and things didn't go as planned.
Cameron got their hair cut and they got a lot of compliments from people.
Sasha was asked to debate the unpopular opinion on the debate team.
Kendall got paid every other Friday, and Robin made Kendall deposit the money in the bank every time.
Jesse read a brand new book to her friend Casey and she loved it.
Sasha was angry about the company earnings so she threatened every employee with termination.
Quinn told others about their experience getting out of an abusive relationship and offered hope to people.
Sasha saw the boy drowning and she jumped in and saved his life.
Skylar divided their daily schedule into classes to make it more manageable.
Ash loved their car so much they wanted to buy it today.
Robin hightailed it out of there when she saw the police cars arriving.
Jan went to the grocery store way out of town in order to buy some rare fruits and veggies.
Cameron killed Bailey on the spot with his rifle because Bailey was sleeping with Cameron's wife.
Aubrey learned how to play poker with her friends there.
Kai was always fighting in the street after a long day at work.
Mia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Carson fixed their eyes upon Taylor in an effort to captivate them all.
Kendall thought long and hard about it and considered the possibility in the light.
austin was learning to ride a horse so he made sure to never let go.
Quinn recovered back the football after his team mate had fumbled it.
Tracy tried to cure her stress by listening to soothing music, but found jogging was the best thing to ease her mind.
Robin's professional reputation all hinged on the outcome of the big trial.
Kendall thanked Sasha yesterday for Lee's help. Sasha told Kendall to tell it to Lee also.
Skylar has had enough and orders Taylor to go back to the house.
Carson fell asleep before setting his alarm for the next day. Addison decided to set Carson's phone alarm for him.
Bailey scared the hell out of Alex with the new scream mask he just purchased.
Tracy spread the pile of money on the bed.
Carson, Cameron and their sister lived on the same street.  After their neighbourhood watch organised a meeting, Carson told Cameron and Cameron's sister about the meeting.
Aubrey put in a lot of work to their costume so they could win a contest.
Remy was training to be a masseuse and gave practice massages to friends.
Addison wanted to make sure she had her car keys.
Kai was stuck in a crowd in the street and had to fight his way out.
Carson pushed the door open into the house and was glad to be home.
Sasha told Riley's mom that he wanted to ask her to marry him.
Jesse's partner had been acting out lately and needed to be scolded.
Casey wanted to get good at baseball. Casey practiced baseball every day after school.
Robin had gotten lost and couldn't decide which way to go. Robin picked Bailey's way.
Jesse keeps Robin balanced while she is going through a rough time.
Remy could not remember the name of the song so she looked it up, then Remy found the song.
Cameron took a rest after a long run today.
After coming to her house, Cameron asked Jan what had happened with Raul.
Remy gave Cameron some money to go get some food for himself.
Kendall opened Remy's gift and found a giant necklace made out of shiny diamonds.
Casey and Ash decided that they should take turns playing each other's roles to see if that worked better so Casey went first.
Kendall bore this instruction in mind when trying to finish their school project.
Amid all the rancor and heated debate, Casey felt like talking.
Alex was simply another person since returning to Earth after being abducted by aliens.
Jordan asked Baileys wife for a piece of cake that she had made yesterday.
Kai donated his whole paycheck to charity and ended up homeless and destitute.
Addison implemented Jan system for the new lock for the office.
Quinn is best friends with Bailey and waited anxiously for her to say something to break the awkward silence.
Skylar took her aunt to the ER to be evaluated after the accident.
Quinn received their history degree and was ready to get a new job.
sydney was scared but she decided to finally hit her enemy.
Sasha went to the park with her father and they sat on a bench.
Sydney usually beat Quinn in races, but this time, Quinn ran as fast as Sydney and they tied.
Bailey put the kids in their car because they were being too loud in the house.
Robin called the authorities when someone was making loud noises outside.
Jan wanted to eat eggs as part of his breakfast so he made an egg bread toast.
Aubrey made Lee go home after offending them and staying too long.
Cameron made a decision to pour the ashes onto the water.
Carson grabbed Quinn's wrist just in time to keep him from walking into traffic.
addison was a criminal so he put an end to jesse's life in front of riley.
casey saw ash was not home so he delivered the message to ash's answering machine.
Jordan got Lee's things and went towards the door to hug goodbye.
Jesse hit them on the head. Jesse ran away from them quickly.
Addison has been having trouble sleeping, he went to seek medication and got his best fit.
After a very long search, Kai finally found a new apartment that fits his taste.
cameron laid jesse's keys on the table and told them they took the car for an oil change.
Austin stared back at Addison angrily and was looking for a fight.
Alex served a metalworking apprenticeship with Lee, a talented metal artist.
Jesse was at work and wrote the instructions on the board.
Even though Robin was nervous around people, Robin put their finger on the doorbell.
Jesse wanted to pick out a book and selected the one that was best for you.
Lee showed up to class but the teachers weren't in the classroom. Lee knew their teachers were around though, or school would be closed.
Robin started a cooking class with her friends and quickly decided to become a chef.
Jan decided to give Bailey another go at driving, and Bailey was able to learn to drive and buy a car.
Jan started a conversation with a random stranger while sitting at the bar.
Skylar packed up Carson's things when he was late for his plane.
Austin assigned Skylar an essay on the history of England. Skylar finished Austin's essay.
Addison was careful to hear Addison's ideas and put them in to action.
Tracy bought a nice piece of jewelry for her new job that was starting.
Casey came home with a dog who instantly fit in perfectly with her family.
Remy played a role in shaping them by giving his opinions to them.
Skylar showed their friends their favorite feature film. Skylar's friends thought it was awesome.
lee had been busy for over 3 weeks so sasha asked lee's mom for her number.
Bailey used her charisma to control the unruly situation.
Sasha touched the food after being told not to. She could hardly wait to eat. Her mother watched her closely.
On May 11, 2015, at approximately 1:30 a.m., four teenagers were riding in a
2015 Honda Accord heading southbound on Wells Gate National Parkway.
Suddenly, the vehicle slid into the median and crashed into a light pole.
After having a huge fight the day prior, Jordan went along to get along.
Addison tried to organize her cluttered closet, but Addison loved the old clothes too much.
Ash saw Cameron's husband flirting with someone else at the grocery store one day.
Casey was an actor in a college play.
Aubrey found the pink car in the parking lot last Sunday.
After hours of brainstorming together, Casey obtained an idea for Sasha's project.
Jordan looked back up at Aubrey after Aubrey declared her love.
Tracy cupped Kai's face and offered her support.
Skylar made their own costume for the contest that was on Halloween night.
Aubrey is an environmentalist who cleans up litter whenever they can. Aubrey found trash in the parking lot near the beach.
Taylor got Jesse into trouble after trying to skip school one day.
Sasha built a fence to keep their neighbors out of their business.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey come along because she was too young for it.
Jordan took Austin's role after Austin had to drop out of the play.
Kendall went to the mall and found some really nice dressed there.
skylar was a nice person so she helped tracy understand what a true friendship was.
Alex called the school to make sure their kid got their safely after getting lost the first day.
Cameron measured the ingredients for the cake they're making.
Sydney met Carson's mother for the first time last week. He liked her.
Alex had too much money than they could spend after selling a successful company.
Lee paid Robin's money back and added some interest to the bill.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out on a date but Kendall found out and was looking for Bailey.
Tracy met Taylor's parents for a parent teacher conference and only had good things to say.
Cameron bought seeds to grow in the vegetable garden, in the hopes of having fresh tomatoes.
Tracy wanted to sell their property so they listed it and it sold right away.
Sasha bought groceries later for the orphanage after the drought.
Ash was the new intern getting everybody's lunch. Ash ordered the lunches at the deli.
Jordan prepared himself for work.  They got dressed and had breakfast.
Taylor spoke the truth well and got some claps for the speech.
Sydney worked all day in the garden and by the end of the day Sydney felt that they had done an excellent job today.
kai was strong so he was able to lift up the chair on his own.
Carson was sick at home and could not go to work. Sydney asked what Carson wanted.
Riley decided he wanted a night out and treated the girls to dinner.
Sasha fed the cat his food every day in the morning.
Taylor taught the class every weekend because she loved it.
Lee and Casey got in an argument. Lee settled it amicably and apologized.
Addison put the dishes away after she cleaned up.
Cameron is being chased by the police and climbed the fence quickly with little regard for their own safety.
Skylar was being sworn in with a bible. Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the book.
Kai was in town. Kendall invited Kai to stay with them.
Bailey had given Addison the chance to prove that she could manage the store by herself. Things went very well and Addison maximized the day's profits.
Aubrey finished preparing their breakfast and thanked their friend for helping.
Riley complied with Jan's wishes. He knew Jan had to have her way.
Sasha loved vinyl records and classic rock. Addison had every Led Zeppelin album, original release. They decided to hang out and listen to records all weekend.
Jordan kept Bailey safe when she was scared after a horror movie.
Alex bought Carson's phone for him for his birthday present.
Skylar asked Austin's boss if they could have a raise or a promotion.
Cameron was working in the hospital when the ambulance came. Cameron assessed the patient's pulse.
Sasha purchased milk from the store so she could have cereal in the morning.
Carson had just gotten surgery and was on a tight budget because of the medical bills.
Lee tried to hold back from saying what she thought.
Bailey backed Ash's car over the speed bump carefully.
Casey went to a class that taught her how to make things out of metal.
Austin's car broke down so he had to ride Jordan's bike home.
Lee made Addison sacrifice her dignity in front of everyone for no good reason.
Tracy spent too much time on the english grade and forgot about her math homework.
Kendall worked out their salvation by giving them lots of food to eat.
casey wanted to be nice to ash so she got ash's car fixed.
Sasha remained quiet throughout the game and let everyone else participate instead.
Carson fell on the sword to save the others.
Sahsa finally felt happy, after years of depression in a failed and miserable marriage.
Austin loved to give daily pop quizzes. Austin taught the class a lesson.
Tracy lost money one day and found it on the ground the next day.
Tracy snuck up behind Cameron while they waited in line and put her arms around him.
Ash was questioned about the map of the island by the pirates and he used an x to represent the treasure.
Jan vowed never to return after she was kicked out of the store.
Sydney bent Lee's eye, she had a laundry list of complaints and meant to voice every single one of them.
Kendall lost her job that day so Carson gave Kendall money to pay for food.
Casey was brushing their teeth.  They were ready to go to bed.
Two dipolmats Kendall and Tracy, brought the war to and end so people could live peacefully.
Lee lived close to his school, so he rode his bike instead of the school bus.
Kendall put books in Remy's place to save Remy's seat at the cafeteria.
Casey began to play for the class after practicing for weeks.
Ash wanted the new video game and they went to the store and picked it up.
Cameron decided to lose weight. Cameron began by eating healthy foods.
Riley wore a body suit to bridge the gap between Ash and them because he wasn't sure what else to do.
Kendall broke her phone on the way home one night. Kendall got a new phone the next day.
Carson spent years training to be a counselor so they could help people.
Riley looked them right in the eye and told them they saw bigfoot.
Jordan took their toddler to school for the first time ever and could not believe how fast time was flying by.
Bailey drank their milk with breakfast and had a piece of fruit.
Alex fished or cut bait while on the boat that was on the lake.
Addison saw a car in the driveway and didn't expect his parents home so early.
Casey rolled a hot potato onto Taylor's back when they sat down.
Cameron acquired a lot of new friends during his four years at college.
Sydney found an opportunity to make fun of Aubrey's look since they've always been enemies.
Casey bought a car from a friend and it was a red car with some dents in it.
Remy stood there by her side giving support as she was indicted for the mass shooting at the elementary school.
Taylor put food in Robin's mouth because she could not feed herself.
Taylor had borrowed Alex's bike to go to the store. Taylor left Alex's bike behind when they went inside.
Jan made a list of things to buy at the grocery store.
The planted needed to be watered so Kai added water to the plant.
Kendall was defacing church property so Carson, who was manager of the chuch sight issued Kendall an edict.
Taylor was doing math homework, but there was an equation Taylor could not solve. Taylor asked Lee for help, and Lee solved Taylor's equation.
Austin did not want to leave but he had to get home to his children.
Lee laid next to Aubrey after Aubrey told Lee about their troubled past.
Tracy was worried about how Jordan would look with a new hair style, but after the change, Tracy loved Jordan´s new hair.
Baily grabbed some cereal this morning. Bailey also grabbed the milk. He forgot to put them away.
Quinn based the conclusion on principles that she had learned in school.
Ash held back tears when he got bad news from home.
Carson decided to go there on their vacation one afternoon with their friends.
Jesse gave their lives meaning by getting a new pet to take care of.
Austin raised the stake to the level to make sure the painting was going to be in the perfect place.
Taylor used Tracy's expression because she thought it was funny.
Remy jerked Aubrey's head violently while they were in the alley.
Carson took his parents on a tour around the city he moved to.
Kendall didn't want to take care of her son so she sent their son to boarding school.
the person who has felt little bad.
After Quinn decided what kind of beverage to get, Quinn put coins in the machine.
Carson played soccer in the park and scored in their own team's goalposts by accident.
Sydney ate Jesse's breakfast because Jesse wasn't hungry.
Kai saw the animal up close and the animal came towards her.
Riley had broken things off with Ash, but Riley gave Ash another chance after some thought.
Sasha combed and styled Quinn's hair into an updo before the prom.
Jesse played board games with his friends on the rainy afternoon.
The group really wanted black jackets but Remy persuaded them to change.
Sydney end of the day with tea after working all day with kids.
Ash looked like he was rode hard and put away wet after a long day of hard labor.
Casey had a big presentation at work on Friday, so Casey prepared all week.
Ash pulled the trigger on the gun she just bought.
Sydney didn't know how to play the piano but Addison will teach them.
Alex took care of people in his job as a nurse.
Sasha led her team to win the big tournament for the state.
Jesse contacted their friends and invited them over for a party.
Lee beat up his wife every time she tried to disagree with him about something.
Skylar found alcohol under Remy's bed and was upset because Remy is only 14 years old.
Jan played piano at local events and was always well received, so they wanted to move on to perform in bigger venues.
Cameron told Jesse's friend that he had accidentally broke Jesse's favorite toy.
Remy examined this item in detail. They knew something was off.
Lee sent chills down Casey's spine when he put ice down the back of her shirt.
While others were fairly sure of their decision, Aubrey's idea caused a shadow of doubt in their mind.
A dog was wandering around Jan's yard. Jan hit the dog on its head.
Cameron measured the ingredients but still managed to burn the food.
A long time ago, Addison supported Cameron's family while they went through a tough time. Now, Addison's family was the one struggling.
Tracy loved Alex still and didn't want to go through with the divorce anymore.
Kendall finished their lunch as was going to go play outside.
Jan changed my mind. Jan was right about the game.
Ash rode Aubrey's bike but crashed into a tree and ruined it.
Even though we were all still hungover, Lee got us to drink.
Aubree was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin killed their brother to the shock and dismay of everyone else.
Austin gave a nod instead to approve what they wanted to do.
Ash saved up money and made the service for the students possible.
Sydney was pregnant and trying to reach for something in a shop. Carson owns the store and prevented Sydney from reaching and got it for her.
When all the towels were handed out, Ash accidentally got Cameron's towel.
Addison gave Robin uneasiness because they stalked around the room angrily.
Quinn wanted to make biscuits for breakfast so he bought milk from the grocery store.
aubrey was a loyal person so he was married for 20 years.
Remy started a conversation with one of their co-workers when Remy saw them at the park with their friends.
Aubrey had a handle on things when he made sure to prepare for the worst.
Cameron loved reading as well. They had alarge collection of books.
Quinn decided to move to another state to get his phd in computer programming.
Aubrey opened Sydney door after knocking softly on it.
Austin eased their nerves by getting them so good food to eat.
Kai made woodwork by hand and sold it at the street fair every weekend.
Jordan knew that the plumbing job would require a lot of tools.
Taylor put the poster behind Skylar despite Skylar not wanting it there.
Sarah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar gave his son a gift on his birthday and the others were very impressed with it.
In order to change the lightbulb, Jordan screwed in a new bulb.
Sydney was trying to move all her stuff quickly and she carried the bow forward into the apartment.
Skylar played games all night because they wanted to.
Riley hit the baseball into left field. Lee caught it in his glove.
Casey needed an idea for their project so they took Sasha's idea.
Bailey was in a major car accident on the highway and had to be sent to the hospital.
Kendall took no for Tracy's answer because they knew they could never get Tracy to say yes.
Katie was going to the party with their husband. Jordan went as well.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal into his favorite bowl without knowing that the milk had already turned sour.
Kendall needed a few extra dollars, so they decided to shovel Austin's driveway.
Kai ran really fast towards home after realizing they were late for America's Got Talent.
Cameron wasn't sure if he made the right decision purchasing the computer. When he got home and hooked it up, Cameron was happy with his purchase.
Sydney's mom was having her fiftieth birthday next week and Sydney wanted to make it special for her.
Remy dated them for 3 years but finally broke it off when things got abusive.
After meeting him at a social function, Quinn brought home his new friend.
Quinn was the president of the club and they exercised their powers, but everyone disagreed.
Jordan stayed still and tried to hide from their friend.
Quinn was involved in a debate about the political crisis going on in the country.
Sydney gave Riley hope about the future and got herself an education.
Sasha was having a dinner party and had invited a lot of guests. Kai's daughter needed to use the bathroom.
Carson made the customer pay twice for a ticket to see the movie.
Sydney led Riley back home so they can watch a brand new television series.
Carson went to Sasha when she was going to give him help with homework.
Sydney and Remy were together 10 years but after Sydney cheated on Remy, they separated and from then on Sydney's choices in life made no difference to Remy.
Casey crashed their car after having too much to drink on New Year's Day.
Tracy built a cabin that could hold a couple of big families in any situation.
Casey was dating a girl and was happy to finally find another girl to love.
Since she was the new teacher for the accounting class, Remy taught others in class a lesson.
After Robin started painting, she never gave up. She finally was accepted into a gallery.
Bailey's aunt passed on a letter that Bailey had written to Riley. Riley thanked her for Bailey's letter.
Remy prepared another gift bag for the wedding presents.
Addison made sure to feed the dog dinner after their chores.
Sasha got a new job and Quit working at Kendall's restaurant.
Lee took the pill for their headache.
Austin read aloud the rules to all of the players in the game.
skylar was visiting and having a good time so she greeted my mom at the door.
Casey got into a small accident with Jan's car. Casey cost Jan many dollars in repair.
Carson used a pen instead of a pencil, because he was very knowledgeable on the topic of the exam.
To everyone's surpise, Robin had the unique ability of transmuting ore into gold and did it in front of everyone.
Carson asked their daughter about what ideas she wanted for next summer's vacation.
Bailey took Kendall to the movies so they could have fun.
Cameron provided care to children in their spare time and donated much money to them.
Robin made Bailey into a friend and wanted to go somewhere new.
Remy learned new concepts in math class. The next day Remy took a math exam about it.
Skylar thought she was gaining weight and being lazy, so she joined the basketball team.
Bailey was in a fight and was told the school would be sending an expulsion notice.
Skylar set the gaming system up and showed the kids all of the feature.
Aubrey took Cameron's friend swimming to try to teach him how to swim.
After completing his legal education his alma mater asked Alex to teach law at this university.
Austin provided for Bailey's children because Bailey had recently died and the children were orphaned.
Quinn required Alex's effort to complete her pile of work on time.
Jesse called the nurse into the room they are staying in as a patient.
Lee knew that he would not survive the wound and sent his ship away.
Alex walked along the street and randomly out of the blue saw an old freind.
Cameron fished in rough waters and his ship nearly capsized.
Kai shot a deer out back last weekend on Sunday.
Aubrey wanted to organise a surprise party for a friend so Aubrey sent text messages to everybody telling details of the party.
Remy got his new phone by mail after ordering it a week before.
Since the weather was always warm, Taylor never wore a coat.
Robin took the paper back to the counter and paid the bill.
Sydney changed Tracy's way of finishing the project and it resulted in a lot more productivity.
Sydney was tasked to help Tracy with all of her work for the day.
Remy died in a tragic accident and Aubrey was shocked to hear the news.  Aubrey sat taking it all in while memories of Remy ran through Aubrey's mind.
Quinn gave Alex his head to examine when Alex stood behind Quinn.
Casey went to the store to buy some food for the family.
Jordan asked Casey if they wanted to go on a long international vacation with them this summer. Casey told Jordan yes.
Jesse was taking a bath when she decided to read a book while she soaked.
Addison got all the ingredients together to make dinner for her friend.
Kai gently placed Bailey on the table after she fell and hit her head.
Remy invited a dear friend to the party who she had not seen in a long time.
Sasha had wanted to model for years, and finally her dreams had come true yesterday.
casey wanted to build things so he built his own house.
Tracy went really well with the group. Everyone loved her personality and her ease.
Quinn was a decorated war hero, and all the soldiers in the squad trusted them, so when the war began, Casey followed Quinn´s lead to battle.
Alex earned Bailey's living because Bailey could not.
Riley got home for Christmas, after spending 6 months away from home in another country.
Jan had been having strange dreams and woke up feeling confused.
The car behind her beeped when the light turned green and Bailey hit the gas pedal.
Carson asked Addison to forgive them of the loans that were too high to pay.
tracy saw yellow stars when she got punched after class.
Remy found a coin in their pocket that they were looking for so they could buy things.
Quinn helped Ash sleep by making her tea and reading her a bedtime story.
Jan was grabbed at the shopping center and was being pulled away. Jan tried to run away from it.
Ash has always been good thus giving Addison the appearance of virtuous person.
Jordan went to school as well with a big group of friends.
Skylar challenged their brother to a soccer match to have some fun that day.
Jan showed everyone the ropes at work when they needed to learn how to do the job.
Sydney sung together with their brothers and they got a big applause for the song.
Tracy minded their Ps and Qs around all of the grownups at the birthday party.
Jan was in trouble and Riley rescued them.
alex was a doctor and had to check riley for a disease so he stuck out riley's tongue.
Remy beat Carson's personal record on the tennis court.
There had been a lot of thefts in the neighborhood. Before bed, Carson locked the door and windows.
Addison almost hit Remy but swerved at the last minute to miss him.
Jan played piano and sang and was having fun.
Ash is police detective trying to interview Jesse about a crime.
Carson provided Aubrey with food when he saw Aubrey at the homeless shelter.
Sydney and Ash mutually admired one another.
Carson needed a few items and decided to join his husband at the store.
Cameron got angry and broke their friend's leg with a baseball bat.
Riley spilled Taylor's soda on the sofa and covered it up with a pillow.
Austin cut very slightly on Quinn's hand by mistake when preparing food.
Sash went fishing with her grandpa and caught a really big fish.
Addison always wanted to take the boat out on the lake.
Jesse wanted Sasha's hand, so they can walk together in the big city.
Kai saw the animal up close at the zoo.
Sasha invited a teacher over to her house to play some cards.
Taylor too Addison's lives in the video game and they all laughed and had fun playing together.
Sasha got a puppy for her daughter to love.
Cameron put the book away after a long bout of studying and learning.
Skylar helped Jan not be sad on the way home from school.
Jan shut her mouth instead of saying something silly to Sasha.
Casey was going through a divorce and needed some legal advice. Casey hired an attorney named Aubrey.
Riley put the plan to surprise their boyfriend with a dog into motion while he was away.
robin knew the importance of education so she made sure to graduate high school.
Robin let Bailey's friends try out their Nintendo on the new television.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's ring and gave it back to her as an heirloom.
Cameron kept their her open. She felt that was the best way to handle the situation.
Casey admired the Patriots' quarterback.  Casey met them in person.
Remy had to see the newest scary movie that was coming out, she had always liked scary movies best.
Quinn required Alex's effort to complete their work since the project's deadline was approaching fast.
Riley asked Kendall to cater an event but didn't have much money. Kendall was more than happy to cook meals for Riley's family reunion at a discount.
Riley took their friend to a restaurant to celebrate a great achievement they had made together.
Skylar told their mom that they were not going to go to the gym.
Addison wanted to see the cows and goats, so they visited the farm and brought their sister with them.
Jan taught Casey's children in college after they had taught Casey.
Austin spent all afternoon working on chores and didn't play till they were done.
Skylar wanted to bake a cake so they mixed all the ingredients and put it in the oven.  2 hours later the cake was ready.
Robin wasn't feeling very well, so she had to call in sick.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a smile after the baby smiled at it.
Remy represented Skylar's interests in the case, and eventually it went to trial.
casey was a skilled person so she set the pulses in racing.
Kai laid by Casey's side in the cool sand and watched the evening sun go down.
Aubrey folded Skylar's hands after she placed a present she knew he would like.
Alex would be good after a bit of training on site.
Robin surprised her mother by startling her on purpose when she came out of the bathroom.
Jordan went missing from the park when he was there with his brother.
Lee noticed the hard work of an employee and gave them a promotion.
Addison saw Casey crying outside and she asked him what the problem was.
Addison was the head of the committee for prom. She explained in detail the plan for the prom to everyone.
KAi told Sydney the direction, but Sydney lost Kai's way of getting there.
Sydney turned back time on her bedroom clock.
Remy walked to school because they were late to arrive at the school bus stop.
Jordan studied for a week to prepare for the final exam in Biology.
Robin danced at the prom and went over to the punch bowl to talk to others.
Ash and Kai had been working together for a couple of weeks.
Sasha played catch with Addison's dad in the backyard of their house.
Addison checked Skylar's car for a flat tire when they noticed that it was leaning to one side.
Bailey welcomed Lee home after their long vacation.
Alex wants to be an astronaut when he grows up because Austin was an astronaut.
Carson threw a bone to the animal because the animal was unhappy and needed something to play with.
Quinn saw Skylar's friend steal a book from Skylar. Quin told Skylar about what they saw.
Jesse brought home their friend for a sleepover after a long day at school.
Jan taught Casey's children in pre-school and gave them detention for being bad.
Tracy from the same Alexe's soccer association.
Lee wanted to see Addison at home 50 miles away but his car was broken down.
Kendall trains dogs in obedience classes for a living.
Alex rolled up their sleeves, put down a drop cloth, and opened the paint can.
Quinn, while playing with his new toy, accidentally broke their mother's favorite vase and quickly tried to buy a new one.
Sydney turned her face away from Jordan when he asked her to marry him.
Cameron always does his best to get along with others everyday.
riley battled with a wizard for four hours until he and the wizard reached their climax.
Sasha got their report card last semester and had a lot of Cs. Sasha worked harder this semester and brought their grades up.
Addison made Jordan adjust the length of his pants before going to the party.
Lee saw a ghost in the water after he went on vacation to the country side.
Tracy finally found the perfect outfit to wear, so she purchased clothes at the store.
Alex formed Sydney's whole thoughts because they thought Sydney was too dumb to do it themselves.
Sasha planned the reception for Remy's wedding with only a week's notice.
Aubrey shaded Kai's eyes in when they were doing their makeup.
Kai minded their business when she was at the party.
jordan got a kitten outside by the garbage can and brought it inside.
Lee couldn't believe how much electronics cost in store. He decided to check online.
Alex held sway over the younger kids so he made them clean up.
Skylar always bought too much food because he felt starved from a long days work.
Lee was struggling in their college class, so Alex wrote Lee's essay for them.
Addison opened a lemonade stand and earned enough money to get some toys.
Tracy needed a gift for her mother's birthday in two days, so she ordered something with overnight delivery.
Quinn climbed back on the ship after going for a swim.
Bailey walked around a little and thought about what she wanted to do next.
Riley bought a new jacket after waiting for it to go on sale.
Kai had finally arrived at their friends house to work on homework.
Ash got a glass of water to drink after running a few miles.
Jordan's friend had a baby so Jordan got a gift for the new baby girl.
Casey was good at swimming but was new to the school. Casey joined the team at their school.
Austin was riding their bike but they got to a red light at a busy intersection.
Jaxon was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron went to the block party and gave his friend Robin some food there.
Addison protected the public's innocence after they had been wrapped up in the scandal.
Ash was in charge of a presentation at work but was running behind schedule.
Sasha spent a lot of time studying for school that she had signed up for this year.
Riley is leading a group a elementary school students in recreation.
Carson was feeling sad about his breakup and told Kai he couldn't hang out that day.
Alex was painting a portrait and made the portrait in Tracy's image.
skylar was a playful person so she played games all night.
Robin talked to their brother about gifting their parents a cruise to the Bahamas.
Ash convinced Taylor they would be alright after failing their test.
Kai decided to roadtrip across country over the summer.
Kai learned to play guitar. Kai mowed lawns for neighbors to be able to afford guitar and lessons.
Aubrey asked the manager for help after realizing they were in over their heads.
Cameron discussed a change in their new privacy policy at work.
jordan was a good child who was not rebellious, so he usually went to school.
Sasha gave it a try the other day after running into an old friend.
Austin had been working as a tutor to make extra money for the last two years.  He likes doing this to help pay for his college education.
Kendall gave some gifts to their friend and their friend loved them.
sasha saw a puppy that looked sad in the mall so she wanted a puppy.
Austin soled shoes in the market after making them for several years on his own.
Sydney was really expensive to have as a friend because she wanted everything.
Jan watched the news after dinner once she had cleaned up the dishes.
Sydney paid a lot of money for a once-in-a-lifetime gourmet dinner that used rare and exotic ingredients.
Cameron Quickly put his video games away so he could do his work.
Tracy issued Riley an order due to her ongoing defiance against her.
Robin never got along with their friend and decided to stop talking to them.
Kendall gave Casey a shot for the flu to make him feel so much better.
Taylor worked on a broken down car for a couple of years and got it working.
Sasha sold their home at the price requested even though they were hoping to get more money.
Quinn had too much to drink the other night and they have not been able to work since.
Casey robbed the cradle by dating someone who was 30 years younger than them.
Cameron took sides with them after hearing both versions of the story.
Sasha downloaded the app.  They needed it for their study group.
Cameron's trash bin was full so they threw the trash out.
They took the kids to buy food at mcdonalds but they didn't eat all they did was pull the toys.
They picked on him because the dad didn't teach them manners.
Cameron always teased his brother Austin and would make fun of him at home.
Jesse brought home money and gave it to their parents to help to pay bills and buy food for the family.
Kai accidentally let their roommate's cat out of the apartment, so they hired an expert cat rescuer to help find it.
Aubrey had cast a magic spell that gave them powers of telepathy.
Jan celebrated Aubrey's birthday by organizing a surprise party with all of Aubrey's friends.
Jordan went to the store to buy some items for the cookies.
Taylor went to the Art Gallery and saw the work by the amazing Alex.  Taylor wondered around for hours looking at the different pieces.
After hearing that her child get hit in the face with a baseball, Robin rushed to the emergency room.
Jordan's kids were scared of the storm, but Jordan stayed very calm.
Ash used a shield to defend themself from the many soldiers on the battelfield.
At the timeshare meeting, Alex got many people to purchase a timeshare. Alex took advantage of the people knowing they wouldnt get the value out of it.
Kendall quit the team after she realized that she wasn't as good as the other players.
Tracy gave their mom a present and told their mom that they loved them.
remy left their keys behind so they decided not to go to the birthday party.
Jesse hit the other person in the face with a baseball but it was an accident.
Casey crunches numbers and is able to make sense of the financials for her colleagues.
Carson invited bailey's friend Addison to the brunch that all the friends were gathered at.
Quinn was participating in a championship motorcycle race at the local state fair.
Austin fought for Quinn's life so she would not die.
Lee produced Tracy's effect makeup for the show.
Remy got an A on the test after studying everyday that week.
Robin started school today and went to bed early last night to get off to a good start.
Aubrey told Addison that she no longer wanted to be friends with her.
Alex knows that Jordan likes Alex so Alex sits beside Jordan.
Austin prayed every time he felt lost to try to get their mind in a better place.
Carson picked up Sasha after their car was totaled in an accident. Carson like to try and resolve all of Sasha's problems.
Carson was finally done eating at the chinese buffet.
Jan acquired Skylar's interest after telling them how much they love them.
casey was working on addison's car so she turned his crank.
Addison wanted to print the images he found online but realized his printer was not plugged in.
Jan met the demands without compromising her integrity at work.
Sydney threw caution to the wind and decided to try cooking themselves.
Taylor reached for Alex's hand at the high school dance.
Alex and Ash had an argument which escalated into a huge fight in the carpark where they threw punches and Alex tore Ash to pieces.
Aubrey stated all of the terms of the deal before allowing the rival to accept or decline.
Sasha worked at a hair salon. They loved their job.
Robin kept their friends together as the tornado approached the house.
Taylor forgot the presentation tools at home, so Carson got angry at Taylor about it.
Addison shared part of Remy's dinner without asking him if it was alright.
Sasha looked at their friend Casey and told them that all would be well.
Sydney lost Quinn on the trail and listened for his voice to be able to find him again.
kendall was a risk taking person so she drove fast.
Casey saw her doll in Addison's room, so Casey took the doll back and ran home.
After getting an inquiry from Kai's daughter, Sash showed Kai's daughter to the bathroom.
Jan realized that she was running low on sugar, flour and eggs.
Quinn was stuck in the mud and then remembered his friend had a truck that could help pull him out.
Casey decided to break up with Kendall because they did not love them very much.
After many months of only speaking over the phone, Riley finally met Alex in person.
austin won the king of the hill game on the beach and ruled the day.
Alex was meant to do the chores. Alex told their sister to do it.
Addison wore sunscreen even though it was a very cloudy day.
Kendall lost control of their car while texting several of their friends on a cell phone.
Riley cried like a baby after hearing the news about the deaths.
Tracy became sad later and had to get some tissues to wipe the tears away.
Carson was having a good time at the beach, until Carson accidentally buried their keys in the sand.
Lee bought a gift for his father and was going to give it to him on Christmas.
Tracy purchased clothes at the store. They needed to shop for the spring.
Cameron took their chance that they would not get stopped and did 30 miles over the speed limit the entire drive to the wedding.
Addison layered the groundwork for the house that was being built.
Jesse stopped smoking and got a lot healthier because of this action.
austin got punched in the face so she cried all the way back home.
Skylar was nervous about making friends when she started at a new school.
Alex realized Jan forgot her wallet when they were done with dinner at the restaurant.
Taylor protected Sasha's rights when the police started to harass her.
Jordan bound Robin's feet together because they were into kinky stuff.
Taylor won Remy's interest and was able to make the sale.
riley served their master well so they were promoted instead of the other servants.
Kai told his friend Sasha that he wanted to go to a party alone.
austin was a war general so he put kendall and teresa in the war.
Alex came into Cameron's life because they wanted to get married and start a family.
Austin was in love with their girlfriend and wanted to spend their lives together.
sasha wanted to be the best soccer player so she practiced so much.
Aubrey saw tears in Kendall's eyes and immediately went over to her.
Sasha saw Cameron play in the ditch and told him to stop.
Sydney felt awkward playing the kissing game, but Sydney spun the bottle.
Jan mowed Tracy's grass on the hot august day.
Lee hugged Aubrey back when they returned from a long vacation.
Ash complied with Jesse's request because they wanted to make sure they understand.
Casey changed Alex's attitudes by showing kindness and being patient.
Jan used Sasha's language to get a sweet deal on a car rental in Las Vegas.
Kai didn't like the way the municipal tap water tasted, so Kai bought water at the store.
Remy was trying not to overindulge, so they stopped once Remy had had their chips.
Jordan wanted to listen to music so Jan played them good music.
Casey considered seriously the problem of how they were going to get to Disney.
Remy was amazed at how beautiful Alex's dog was and showed it lots of love.
Tracy was a guest at a wild college party.
Jordan turned the car to the right to avoid driving over a very large pothole.
Bailey was a baby who was learning to speak. Bailey turned a phrase.
Riley was trying to get into the house. They turned the key in the lock.
Riley had lost Carson's keys when they went to the beach.
Sydney is a podiatrist working at Sasha's nursing home.
Sasha entered Kai's house to set up the party.
Lee learned to knit and decided to make clothes for themself.
Casey was driving too fast down the mountain and met their death.
Addison got good grades while attending college last year.
Alex was hardworking but they did not get a raise.  Alex considered another employer.
Alex was having a surprise birthday party for Sasha, so Alex invited Sasha's friends over.
Aubrey took their two kids to New York to see the show and have dinner.
Taylor was great with the flute, but to the surprise of others, he played the Tuba as well.
Addison found the movie funny though her friend disagreed with her opinion.
Quinn followed Tracy's advice and took that job that was offered to him last week.
Casey told Taylor not to worry about coming to work today.
Remy sat down beside Aubrey to console her during her mother's funeral.
Quinn reduced the temperature by 5 percent to test out the new air conditioning unit.
Remy needed some cash for food and grabbed Bailey's wallet.
Robin sent a message to Austin. Austin eventually got back to Robin.
Bailey lost the watch that her late grandfather gave to her. She never found the watch.
Jordan awoke promptly with the alarm and dressed for school.
Ash has a new dog and it was playful but would not listen, so he had to call the dog often.
Bailey and Ash met as college roommates and have since began working together.
Ash spends a lot of time visiting animals at the petting zoo.
Riley ran tests because she has been sick the past couple weeks.
Ash was always being overlooked when the kids picked teams for sports, so when it was their turn to be captain, Alex called upon Ash first.
Jesse baked chocolate chip cookies. Once they were done, he ate some with a glass of milk.
Skylar took the browns to the super bowl.
tracy was a bank employee so she only lent money with high interest.
Sasha was a good cook and whatever she cooked she make the food better than others did.
Jesse had a crush on Robin for a long time. Robin asked Jesse to dinner.
Even though she was feeling sick, Riley made an appearance at the staff meeting.
Ash saw Taylor and bid her fair well.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting since the picture he sent of it was not very clear.
After searching all of the fountains thoroughly, and taking a lot of time, Addison found money at the mall.
Casey bought tools in the store because he had to fix things at home.
Kendall started dating a guy who does drugs. Aubrey told Kendall this was a bad idea, and got Kendall to change their mind about dating this guy.
Jan went to the store to buy some milk for her cereal to eat in the mornings.
The whole city knows that businessman Bailey played a major effort in its overall development over the past twenty years.
Addison asked the teacher if she could postpone her test because Addison was on the swim team and had a meet that would run late into the evening.
Jesse needed to get to work on time. Jesse was driving their car.
Remy gave free massages to their friends after they complained about back pains.
Aubrey heard that Kai received bad news so she wanted to see Kai to make sure he was okay.
Jordan is a great basketball player because he inherited their father's height.
Carson and Jordan were on a hike. Carson turned Jordan's attention to the bear he saw coming out of the underbrush.
Tracy did a lot of work and spent to much time on getting the grade.
Bailey tried very hard to succeed despite the obstacles in their life.
Ash tried to find Addison after Addison never came home from school.
Kai paid a big fine after getting caught for speeding.
Lee went to the movies with Riley's friends and they saw a good one.
Taylor met Alex halfway home and they decided to go play at the park.
Aubrey kept an eye on Ash's things for him when he was unable to.
Aubrey educated their children at home and taught about the many things about history.
Ash liked to go outside with no shoes on. Ash enjoyed the feeling of being barefoot so much.
Lee wanted to eat, so Lee went to a restaurant and ate a medium sized meal.
Aubrey and Sydney went for a ride in the new car, Aubrey opened Sydney's door.
Quinn packed everything for the super trip to the Bahamas next week.
Cameron didn't help Jordan so they could learn things on their own.
taylor went to the library so he asked the librarian for a book.
Jan spent hours searching for just the right thing to wear.
Bailey fed Sydney's fish with the special food.
Jan wasn't so sure about Riley's idea at first, but Riley was able to convince Jan the idea is good.
Carson announced to everyone the plans that the committee came up with for the pay raise.
Kai put a bowl in the aquarium then Kai put water there.
Jordan had been at college for months, but he drove home for spring break yesterday.
Casey went in front of the car and drove to her home as quick as she could.
Since she had the skills and the interest to do so, Jan played volleyball.
Cameron was very excited to announce the birth of her first baby, Kendall had arrived.
Tracy tried to scare Kendall. Tracy is a nasty person.
Aubrey wouldn't listen to what they were saying and placed the whole group at risk.
Remy claimed that the cause of Bailey's death was an accidental blow to the head with a hammer.
Sasha gave Carson an answer to his question after deliberating for hours.
Riley toed the line because they did not want to cross it.
Kai got Jesse together with her keys and they drove downtown for the big carnival.
Alex expressed every feeling that they had about the work that was being done.
Jesse brought the act to a close when they wrapped up everything in the play.
Remy followed Addison's steps on how to get back to the house.
Alex wipe Remy's eye with a tissue because she had been crying about the death of her friend.
Casey had a great idea. Jordan gave Casey's idea to the team.
Carson had lended Riley his car and she lost his keys.
Tracy organized another fundraiser for the sick kid in her school.
Robin began to date another guy after the break up.
Before Robin felt his oats, he needed to make some cookies and take care of his children.
Aubrey pulled Skylar closer to the bike, but then lost their balance.
Robin had an new nintendo and let Bailey's friends try it out.
Ash began to look around beacuse she thought she  saw her best friend, Camile.
Bailey got Jordan's ticket to go to the big play this coming Saturday.
Skylar was bored at the party so she drove home.
Jordan created consumer awareness and positive comments by posting uplifting messages on social media.
Bailey visited family this weekend. They were all very happy to see him.
Kendall was drunk and behaving rudely and Ash asked her to leave.
Ash was convinced Taylor would be fine in the big play this coming Friday.
Even during the storm Carson held it together for the sake of everyone else.
Alex had always wanted a new car but the most he could afford was a cheap worn out used one.
Kendall is playing soccer with her friends on the cul-de-sac, and one of her friends has just kicked the ball very far down the street.
Bailey took Robin's revenge personally and decided to get back at Robin for what they did.
After a long talk, Casey changed Alex's attitudes and persuaded them to take a trip together.
Jan took Kendall to the doctor to have his leg checked out.
Robin didn't understand the information on the study guide, so Kendall helped teach Robin the information.
Taylor saw missiles coming their way so she made Kai attack the army.
Tracy noticed Cameron in the park and decided to sneak up behind Cameron.
Quinn followed Lee's father's example on how to fix the problem with their truck.
Taylor completed his education and became a well-known surgeon at a hospital.
Robin gathered up the food and took it over to the counter, placing it down.
Taylor looked behind Jan and saw the man standing there.
Jan and their friend were very passionate about politics.  They decided to start a blog.
Jesse had a tantrum and hit them in the face.
Kai walked home with their friends after school had ended.
Casey never followed anyone because they are independent and follow no one.
Cameron was being abused at home so Skyler took her to a shelter.
Addison held Ash tightly when it was raining outside at night.
Carson read Jan's letter to her boyfriend without her permission.
Quinn was bribed lots of money but refused based on his principles.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands down her blouse after a romantic dinner.
Skylar became a millionaire through hard work at the factory she owned.
casey was a doctor so she saw what was wrong with sasha when she took a look.
Aubrey opened Kai's mouth to say something but kai was malfunctioning and the robot would need adjustments.
Alex's mother was short on rent for the month. Alex gave money to their mother to help out.
Alex killed the fatted calf to prepare for the harvest festival the coming full moon.
Addison gave Riley the authority to manage in their stead and announced they were taking a vacation.
Bailey wanted to go to the park, but the weather was bad and it started to rain.
Alex saw Kendall's boss while they were out and said hello to them.
Cameron took a jet to Japan which took 18 hours one way.
Jan stayed busy all morning at work until it was time to leave for lunch.
Casey made a profit by using cheap materials and paying their workers below a living wage.
Skylar searched for a video online about how to use Paypal to pay for something they bought on eBay.
Austin regarded Bailey as one of the crew after many years.
Cameron decided to get out of the house and played hockey with his friends.
Bailey was pregnant with twins for the third time in their life.
Addison ran Remy's risk assessment when they were preparing to get them insurance.
Ash like the weather better in the winter than in the summer.
Kai was feeling lazy and worked hard on her design while in bed.
Aubrey came to pick Quinn up when he was too drunk to drive.
Jordan kissed Jan lightly while they stood outside Jan's house at the end of their first date.
Tracy found Kendall's place after getting lost and not knowing where to go.
Sasha left the house very early to go to the party to help set up.
Quinn provided Remy the framework for a successful paper for his history class.
Kendall needed expensive medicine for a life-threatening illness, but Kendall could afford it.
Kendall mentioned Alex's name when asked who would be best for the promotion.
Sydney felt like a failure but wanted to pass the bar exam eventually after more tries.
Cameron set the world on fire with his amazing singing abilities and knack for acting.
Kai saw the accident up close and described it to the police thoroughly.
Austin immediately called the police when he was robbed.
Alex was throwing his ball inside and broke the vase. Alex glued the vase back together.
Jan had an argument with their friend at the party and slapped them.
Kendall threw something round and red over the fence to the dogs.
Robin compiled a thorough case against them and brought the convict the trial.
Tracy spent all week practicing the speech, and still ended up stuttering through the whole thing.
Jesse saw the new superhero movie with his friends on a Friday night.
Taylor is a bartender, Taylor puts on a show of mixing the drinks, tossing the bottles into the air, and stirring the drinks in a fancy way.
Tracy grabbed Riley's hand and threaded their fingers together to hold hands.
Riley's baby woke up in the middle of the night and began to cry.
Jordan's reply narrowed Carson's eyes and Carson yelled at Jordan.
Sylar started writing and easily constructed another argument to present.
Jesse is an animal lover, one night after work she discovers a mother cat with several baby kittens. It's freezing outside.
Remy was a recluse who never left his house until he dated his girlfriend.
Ash let the dog inside as it was getting too hot for dog to be outside.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in sports after realizing he really enjoyed it.
Kendall improved Riley's quality of life by getting them a new car one day.
Taylor was bored sitting around her house so shes decided to ride her bike around town.
Jordan asked Kendall about a new program they had to use at work.
Addison wanted to go on a trip to Mexico, and messaged all of his friends to set up a schedule.
Remy arrived safely on shore after spending her day sailing on the lake.
Sasha gave a kitten up for adoption after their cat gave birth.
Ash put aloe on their sunburn because Ash had been in the sun for too long without sunscreen.
Sasha found out that Ash had taken their last cookie.  Sasha asked Ash to explain.
Jan gave Austin the key so they can get into the locked classroom after hours.
cameron was a concerned pet owner so he took his cat to the veterinarian.
Riley has just decided to call her boss tomorrow after hearing he is finally back at home from the hospital.
Sasha needed to present their thesis.  They discussed the paper in detail with their professor.
Remy rehearsed Quinn's lines with her so that she would be ready for the play.
Kendall thanked Sasha yesterday for Lee's help. They were always willing to assist.
Sasha graduated from high school after struggling for many years.
remy was a normal person so she posted a picture on her social media.
Cameron took their rest after a long day at work with others.
Ash cut a wide swath of bacon to make breakfast for their family.
Jan decided she wanted some company so she allow Austin access to come over.
Sydney taught Carson the basics of chess and began earnestly playing against them.
Aubrey cleaned their garage to make room to park their new car.
Robin told my parents he would want to marry me some day.
Alex took Sasha's daughter to soccer practice when Sasha had to work late.
Kai underwent the same operation that Ash did and it really helped.
Riley enjoyed the day off of work and relaxed all day long.
Tracy wanted to get to know Lee better so Tracy asked Lee to meet at the house.
Remy asked Kendall to go with Aubrey to go to the zoo to help watch the kids and get some exercise since Remy couldn't be there to help.
Nova was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Carson played soccer in their backyard and had so much fun with them.
Taylor mopped his brow after carrying the logs to the house.
Aubrey got their girlfriend a gift for their next birthday.
Kendall prepares sandwiches for a party. Kendall knows some people don't like things on their sandwich. She prepares some without mustard, mayonnaise, and lettuce.
Austin met the client's for lunch and it went very well and he got new business.
Sasha told him to put down his work and take a break.
Addison wasnt sure about the plan to go to college. Jesse set Addison in motion by encouraging them.
Since it had finally stopped raining and the sun was out, Addison decided to run outside.
Bailey pointed their finger at them because they were being rude.
Addison wore the uniform with pride because she was a soldier.
Remy has just returned from his vacation abroad with souvenirs. Remy gave gift's to their friends.
Aubrey opened Sydney's door when Sydney's arms were full of packages.
Carson kept the account balanced for Cameron who was bad with money.
When her dog was hit by a car Ash called the vet.
Tracy cleaned their apartment after leaving it in a messy state for six months.
Alex took their cat to their room after his mom yelled at the cat.
Jordan went to the store to get something for her cold that she had.
Sasha asked Kai to the school dance because she had a crush on him but he rejected her offer.
After hiring a good lawyer and a private investigator  Robin brought the story to trial.
Jan works on a farm and cultivates her own jelly and jams, to sell at a local farmer's market. She has recently run out so she bought jelly from a store this week.
Alex loved Skylar but Skylar wanted to get a divorce.
The landlord sent another bill even though Alex already paid their rent. Alex called their landlord.
Cameron sent a quick message about going to the big game in a few days.
The vendor told Skylar they were out of hot dogs. They bought a hamburger instead.
Lee expressed appreciation for Sydney after Sydney helped them on a project.
Addison met once every month with their addiction counselor.
When she went to the rally and heard the racist chants, Remy immediately saw their political party was toxic.
Ash welcomed Cameron back when they came back to work after a vacation.
Carson played soccer in the park till he got tired and went home.
Austin Reached their goals of raising funds for the women's shelter.
Alex ate some food that was left for him by his parents.
Tracy began to spread the peanut butter on the bread in the morning.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys. They were going to watch a movie.
Cameron wore shorts often even during the cold weather seasons.
Jordan left their father's special tie at the dance and couldn't find it when he went back to look.
Even though they were in competition for the final prize, Alex helped Ash in every way they could.
Tracy jumped in front of the bullet and in doing so, Tracy protected others from injury.
Austin told Lee that they wanted to go home and get a brand new hose.
Sasha used medicine to prevent illness so she would not miss work.
After dinner, Kai asked Addison's parents for permission to marry their daughter.
In retaliation Quinn told Robin all the mean things Quinn could think of.
Remy threw her trash around in a fit of anger and frustration.
Bailey hired Addison to be her accountant and Addison maximized Bailey's profits.
Jan danced around with her friends in the nightclub to have fun.
Tracy felt terrible about what had happened at the party and wanted to make amends, because Tracy knew they had really hurt Robin.
Skylar was skiing and trying to go down a difficult hill and fell.
Skylar provided assistance to Sydney's system while they did the server update.
It had been a very stressful day at work, and now the 12 pack of beer fell out the bottom of the carton. Kai kicked at a can.
Robin took a cooking class and still couldn't make food taste good.
Cameron and his friend had always wanted to start a business. Cameron lived their dream and did it.
Remy brought together the students for a big school meeting.
sydney got bad grades and lowered the curve for the other students.
Kendall got some money out from the ATM and took it to a club.
Adeline was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Bailey played chess with a friend every day and eventually became so good, he decided to enter a match.
carson gave a book to his son but didn't give anything to the other children.
Casey returned to Jordan's room and noticed that Jordan was still fast asleep.
Sasha's younger brother had recently turned 21 so she decided to plan a surprise trip for his birthday.
Robin won the challenge to run the longest.
Sasha paid all of their bills while working two jobs.
addison saw the dishes were dirty so he put them on the counter.
Addison quickly called their mother as soon as they heard their father was in the hospital.
The dog had been cooped up in the house all day, so Bailey brought the dog outside.
Addison got good at cooking after taking a high end class.
Carson was invited to his friends holiday party, and brought presents for everyone in attendance.
Kendall decided to take the role on a television program that was just beginning in a week.
Jordan had been working on a project for awhile then they carried their plans into effect.
Lee didn't get enough sleep last night so they fell asleep in class.
Carson didn't want anything to do with Bailey after Bailey wrongly accused them of cheating.
Austin threw the candy to the parade watchers on the side of the street.
Remy started reading a good book, but the ending was disappointing.
While thinking about romance, Quin came into Jan's mind.
Addison was working on a group project, so they Addison worked side by side with a classmate.
Jan was helping Addison learn to dance so Jan put her hands on Addison's hips to guide her.
Austin finally reached the goals that had been set and decided it was time to celebrate.
I misbehaved at school earlier in the morning, and my sister Robin told my mom on me.
Aubrey opened projects in the form and found a lot of tough projects to work on that night.
Jan gave Austin employment in his business in town.
Sydney asked if she could go with their mom to the park.
Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head to keep her warm.
Taylor hasn't taken a shower in weeks and was starting to smell.
Sasha couldn't get a hold of anyone so Sasha played basketball alone.
Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb after Tracy hit it with a hammer.
Casey was a laid back camp counselor but the kids were getting out of control. Casey put the rules into effect that day.
Remy was good friends with Jordan and they always tried to help each other.
Austin was mysteriously being controlled by Jesse's subconscious thoughts.
Ashe had a great time at Jesse's party getting to know everyone.
Kendall needed to study hard for the exam but only spent a few minutes studying.
Casey yelled at Bailey to accept the defeat from the armwar match at the gym.
Addison told me Quinn was sick and that we would have to reschedule our plans.
Addison went ahead and decided to make themselves some Coffee.
Riley got Robin an answer and Robin do not seem to appreciate it.
Lee has been planning to watch an highly recommended movie, when he finally did, he held his emotions until it came to an end.
Skylar left my phone at work after I reminded her several times to pick it up for me before coming home.
Aubrey was tutoring Casey in math. Casey watched Aubrey write an example.
Aiden was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jordan prepared daily for work by waking up at the same time and getting a shower.
austin had a broken leg so he was bad on ice today.
Aubrey lived on the streets. She asked Kai for money when she walked by.
Kai was freezing cold and had to go to the store to get a jacket.
Jesse traced Riley's clothed back. Jesse didn't even ask for permission.
Addison stayed home with Aubrey instead of going out that day.
Carson learnt to play the guitar and was feeling like they were ready to join a band.
Quinn was applying for a job in the place Cameron worked so Cameron gave Quinn a couple of words and tips of advice.
Robin met a friend at the park and they had lunch with each other.
Remy had a bad day at school, so Remy threw her food around the cafeteria to be sent home.
Taylor told Kai's parents that he had proposed to Kai.
Quinn came down to see us after getting out of the hospital after the car wreck.
Jesse told nobody about last night so when they found out they were angry.
Sydney saw two of her friends arguing over a dollar they found, so she prevented the conflict from developing further by giving them both 50 cents.
Aubrey has the day off of work today, and is currently spending her time watching TV in her living room.
On Thursday there was a party where Jesse saw all of their friends.
Remy began to slide because the slide looked fun to ride on that day.
Austin was too young to go with Lee to the movies.
Quinn gave Bailey the best shirt after determining that Bailey had won the contest.
Bailey told a joke and Casey threw their head back laughing.
Austin was busy working on his car in the garage. Remy wanted to play, but Austin did not give Remy the time of day.
Austin and Bailey have been living in the same neighborhood since childhood. Austin regarded Bailey as a friend.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip to a foreign country.
Remy started to hurt badly after falling off the porch and breaking their leg.
Austin walked straight into the door on accident.
skylar just married addison and moved in so she changed addison's look of the place.
The teacher wanted all of the students to answer, but Bailey answered all the questions first.
Kendall met Robin's family for the first time at the restaurant.
Sasha helped out a lot and made the way back a lot easier.
Skylar ignored Remy's mother, because they were tired of being constantly criticized.
Sasha sent flowers  to her mom on Jesse's way to the supermarket.
Sasha worked hard for two years to put a down-payment on their dream home. Sasha finally save enough and loved their new home.
aubrey was a mean person so he opened casey's eyes to the truth.
Jordan was going to miss Jan this summer but will get over it with some video games.
Robin took the money to the counter and asked for change from the cashier.
Jan acquired Skylar's interest in collecting postage stamps.
Skylar took her aunt to the emergency room when she was in pain.
Skylar suggested another restaurant after looking at the reviews online.
Quinn took the video games away from Jesse when they had to do their homework.
Sydney just got a new job with a lot of options.
Carson took Ash to see the house they grew up in as a child.
Everyone was trying to hear the movie but Lee was talking too much.
Sasha had a big test tomorrow so they spent the entire night studying.
Quinn put ice in the machine to keep the water cool.
Quinn packs a bag for a day out. Quinn's bag has a towel, sunscreen, a change of clothes, a bathing suit, sunglasses, and sandals.
Kai told his jokes to the crowd at the standup event.
Tracy paid Remy back promptly for the loan she gave her previously.
Aubrey played the violin in a successful jazz band in a big city.
Addison made a grilled cheese sandwich late last Saturday afternoon.
Jesse's friend had a drug problem and Jesse told him that he is a mess and needs help.
Sasha was driving down the road too fast in bad weather conditions.
Remy took their parents to court because their parents wouldn't let them play video games as much as they wanted.
Quinn brought their friend to work to show them what they do.
Austin demanded a refund even though they had used the item several times and the return period had past.
Jordan bought an air purifier to make the room smell better.
Sydney set eyes on Riley to have them help them with chores.
While watching the game, Ash got himself and Jordan one hotdog each, but dropped them on his way back.
Austin cried a lot when he was dropped off at the new school by his father.
Aubrey took Taylor's shopping basket back to the cart rack.
Kendall improved their quality of life by making the job pay a bit more that year.
Taylor went to the smoothie shop instead of burger king.
Kai took Riley's kids to the park yesterday and was planning something fun to do for the next day.
Austin was waiting for Cameron at the hospital and he felt like an eternity.
Sasha met the baby, but the baby started crying when Sasha tried to hold the baby.
cameron grabbed bailey's arm forcefully and pulled it too hard, breaking it.
Carson played a game of charades with several friends from school.
Kai imposed her will upon Tracy because she was so bossy.
Ash ordered a hamburger the other day because they were starving and was no other food option to choose. from.
Riley explained everything in detail to the children and left nothing to the imagination.
Riley decided to make their own fun at the park in the sun.
Carson and Skylar were hanging out at the mall.
Alex was new in the neighborhood and was simply another kid.
Jesse touched a part of Sasha's hand that looked like it needed attention.
Quinn reached for Taylor's hand to show him the way to the classroom.
Tracy thought they left the oven on. Tracy quickly rushed home.
Remembering his traumatic past, Lee came into Quinn's head.
Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head to keep her warm.
Sasha left days ago for their trip to Europe with their family.
Robin writes a letter to an old friend they haven't seen in a while. Robin mails it and waits.
Casey told Jan about a new investment that was a sure thing. Jan invested and Casey cost Jan many dollars when it went south.
Ash let the cat inside right after dinner before the snow started.
Addison didn't find anything when they were looking for a new tree.
Quinn attended their business meeting that was at the Chinese buffet restaurant.
Cameron reached out and put Robin's hand out on the table.
Remy's apartment was dirty so Casey came over and cleaned it for them.
Jesse made Robin's costume very garish and extreme so that it would stand out.
Skylar was impressed with their work and offered them both positions.
Alex always left work early, and was eventually fired for it.
robin needed someone's input so she asked kai's opinion on the outfit.
Alex painted Austin's nails and accidentally got it on her hands.
Sasha was working backstage security for Lady Gaga. Lady Gaga's publicist showed up and Sasha let her back into the green room.
Remy asked Jordan if they had anyone to go to the dance with.
Jordan walked to work and was late by ten minutes and yelled at by the boss.
Jesse got a new gun. They went pig hunting.
At the after-concert party, Cameron talked to a lot of people and quickly made a lot of new friends.
kendall was carrying too many bags, so she crashed to the floor.
Robin got a gift for Remy's birthday. Remy loved Robin's gift.
skylar got into the police force because tracy put in a good word.
Cameron gathered everyone together on the beach as the others formed their own team as well.
Sydney told Remy what had happened about his girlfriend cheating.
Taylor had already beat Skylar so now Taylor raced Skylar's friend.
Alex pulled away from Robin when she put her hand on his shoulder.
Robin threw a Tupperware party and wanted to have all their friends over.
Jordan prevented Kendall's use of the car because Kendall was drunk while Jordan was not.
Remy looked after Casey's accounts at work while Casey was on vacation.
There was only one slice of oven baked pizza left. Sydney and Taylor tried to get it at the same time. Sydney pushed Taylor aside.
Skylar left to go home and get something to eat for tonight.
Because his last phone was working anymore, Jesse got a new iPhone.
Tracy was always pulling pranks on people and no one liked it. Sydney pulled a prank on Tracy instead.
Casey felt like talking to their friend. Their friend needed a lot of extra attention.
Jordan went to prison to visit a friend of his that just got a sentence.
Kendall prepared her taxes before the deadline. Kendall was smart and prepared.
Cameron hammered their way home from inside of a dark tunnel so that they could survive.
Bailey told her dog to stay when they were at the park that day.
Jesse took the paper in Kai's hands and started to process it.
It weekend and as promised earlier, Kendall took his family to the museum.
Quinn met a new man on the dating website and they got married.
After a long busy day, Tracy called him back in to fuss at him.
Alex got a small gift for Remy's birthday. She put it in his hands.
Kai did an interview and was hired immediately.
Cameron became Riley's architect and was hired to build Riley a house.
Aubrey tried helping the man who ignored her earlier.
Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents to go to the party.
Casey threw the Rock away quickly it landed in the hands of someone else who was safe but startled.
It had soured long ago, but Aubrey drank the warm milk anyway.
Austin punched Alex in the face because their former girlfriend was dating Alex.
Tracy had just gotten paid for the week and needed to go food shopping.
Addison took her child Austin to the store, and Austin was goofing off. Addison made Austin act serious.
Ash was creating an artistic, stylized treasure map for a pirate-themed Halloween party. Ash used an x to represent the treasure and weathered the paper with soot and grease.
Aubrey started Remy's truck and was going to the farm.
Sasha thought quickly on her toes and saved dinner service at the restaurant.
Even though Addison was great at chess, Bailey got the better of Addison.
Robin was at college studying law and got an assignment to do. Robin completed their assignment.
Cameron was much older than his brother so he was embarrassed his brother was more successful.
Cameron hated homework, so Cameron asked Casey to write the report.
Carson hurt another person with what they said but apologized to show them they were sorry.
Carson moved things forward on the project after a long day of work.
Remy ate at the buffet after stealing some vouchers.
Remy paid Kendall back right away. He was always good for his word.
Carson turned up the volume in their car so that they could hear the song clearer.
Robin got a pen and paper and sat down to write their letter.
Aubrey finished garnishing their breakfast and set on on the table.
Austin gave Robin a believable reason for why he did not come home last night.
Addison returned home that evening to prepare dinner for the family.
Riley gave Kendall a notice that they were chosen to represent the team.
Taylor came out and said Bailey would leave because Bailey wanted to move to Florida and become a marine biologist.
Bailey found Carson's solution to the math problem they were working on was right.
Addison made Austin act serious when she was fighting with him.
Addison took their first plane ride and it went better than anybody could have hoped.
Lee borrowed money from Robin to pay for his bills. Lee got enough money and paid Robin back.
Quinn burnt the candle at both ends completing their university assignment at the last minute.
Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend behind Quinn's back and tried to hide it from them.
Taylor was teaching Skylar to make bread and pressed Skylars hands on the table with the dough.
Jan was going to drive drunk. Jan changed their mind and called a cab.
Robin told Remy that she wanted to go out with him to dinner and a movie.
Riley really needed to clean up for his job interview, so Riley cut his nails.
After feeling dizzy for 5 minutes Aubrey instantly fell on the floor.
Lee pushed back Addisons hair to help when giving a hair cut.
Casey got contact lenses after visiting the eye doctor last week.
Jan prevented Sydney from becoming angry over the result of the contest.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife for permission to use their upstairs restroom because the one downstairs was out of order.
Austin divided each of the books into categories to remember where to find them.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home after their quiet and nice date.
Skylar put the baby in Ash's car when they were getting ready to go.
Remy decided to make a goal to get healthier and start eating a better diet.
Jesse espoused Tracy's cause because she believes in  Tracy.
Austin occupied their whole day with work because he wanted to pay off his debt.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a pacifier that lasted a bit of time for the baby.
Jan showed Austin's picture to them. and kissed smoothly.
Cameron volunteered at the local charity where he provided food to families.
Kendall expressed her admiration of the dogs in the show with loud applause.
Jordan spent years in prison and only now got out.
Austin gave the man money to buy some food for himself.
Bailey practiced throwing stones everyday, and today she killed the fly with a stone.
Robin wanted to move because she loved travelling and wanted to live in a new place after spending her life in her hometown.
Tracy suited their taste as an entertainer for the wedding party.
Bailey tried to educate Cameron on the issues of the time that were vital.
Jordan played hockey and scored a goal against the other team.
Cameron was a musician that played saxophone and was so good that critics said his album set the world on fire.
Tracy asked Lee to give thanks, but Lee didn't like participating in that tradition.
Ash always played tricks on their teachers despite ending up at the principal's office more often than not.
Kai saw their friend suffering from Dyslexia and decided to spend time helping them.
It was a nice day out and Skylar was going for a walk.
Sasha had a disagreement with Jordan and Jordan left for he could not stand the argument.
Robin avenged their father's name but was arrested subsequently.
After saying no over and over again, Quinn finally agreed to do it.
Sydney wanted to win the lottery. Sydney scratched that card to see if she won.
Skylar was a good golfer, Cameron followed his example.
addison got a job at a construction firm so he earned his money by the sweat.
Jesse brought their dog to the pound to see if they were alright.
Austin has been very supportive of Aubrey, his wife, ever since she got sick and even assists with her feeding and drinking whenever she wants.
Riley was sharing their apples with their brother.
Skylar was going to be late for dinner tonight. Skylar sent dad a text letting him know.
It was Remy's mums 80th birthday so Jan bought a lovely bunch of flowers then gave them to Remy's mum for a gift.
It was Jesse's parents anniversary, so Jan bought Jesse's parents a gift.
Jan and Casey are childhood friends. It is a pleasant coincidence that Jan taught Casey's children in pre-school.
Alex went home to change their clothes because Alex changed clothes often.
While on a camping trip, Riley got lost in the woods all day. Sydney found Riley, and Sydney led Riley back to safety.
Carson wanted a new computer after their last one started shutting itself down randomly.
Robin accidentally broke Quinn's only glasses after sitting down on top of them.
Cameron had enough of not being paid, so finally Cameron took money from work.
Riley was teasing Bailey by poking her in the mouth.
Kai visited some friends that were in a different city.
The fly was flying in front of his face and Lee finally caught it.
Sasha found a store to buy the gift for their friend after looking for days.
Riley called Kendall later that night after they had a fight.
Lee got a balloon for their son because it was their son's birthday.
Addison saw an ad for a phone that in their budget and began to save money.
Ash saves up enough money to get the new toy he wanted.
Jesse gave Sasha the chance to explain what happened when she saw the dent in the car.
Bailey wrote about Tracy's life story at length in their new book.
Ash really wanted a new sweater but it was too expensive, then Ash found the item on sale.
Ash asked them what happened, and listened as they told them about all of their troubles.
Austin was working outside all day in the heat and got really hot.
Sydney was about to slip backwards off the pool deck. Jan pulled Sydney forward to save her.
Quinn put her arm around Carson and offered support during his tough time.
Sydney got dressed up for the date and put on her favorite dress.
Aubrey asked Skylar to be their wife and Aubrey accepted the proposal.
Robin made the worst cake ever for the upcoming social gathering.
Jan saw with their own eyes that Alex was clearly the better person.
Jesse put the turkey in too early and it ended up burning.
austin discussed every type of drink with the bartender which kept others from getting their drinks on time.
Jan took their father to the doctor and her siblings kept calling her but she didnt answer.
Riley played practical jokes so they got a woopie cushion to use on their friends.
Lee left their bike outside of their house after dark.
Jordan used Taylor's microscope without asking and accidentally dropped it and it broke.
Bailey made a pie to bring for Thanksgiving dinner with family and friends.
Casey being the hard worker she is, fulfilled the job of others without question.
Remy filled the air with freshener that the got from the store recently.
It is Alex's birthday and their friend has given them a present.
Cameron check on Sasha's house and made sure to water her plants.
Cameron came along for lunch and he got a giant burger with large greasy fries.
Jan was going to go camping over the weekend and needed supplies. Jan bought a sleeping bag from a store.
Addison met a girl as school and they became good friends.
Bailey bought pot online to try to avoid getting caught buying it in public.
Lee began quickly running and made it to the bus stop in time to catch the bus.
Remy was mad that she couldn't go outside and play. Remy threw her toys around in anger.
austin was a nice person so she improved lee's situation.
Riley said it would bring luck if they rubbed the head of the statue.
Taylor persuaded their mom to stay overnight after the others warned that the weather was getting bad.
Carson kept Tracy alive on life support for as long as the insurance would allow it.
Taylor was trying to get someone to cover her shift, but the first person said no. So Taylor asked another person.
Bailey would make it to the party this weekend.
Robin was looking at a paper and took it back to the counter she got it when she was done.
Kendall made little in tips at the restaurant and needed to make more money.
Aubrey saw that both kids wanted some of the only piece of fruit left, so she cut the apple in two.
Ash tickled Kendall's fancy when Ash showed up in a tuxedo with a bouquet of daisies.
Riley is a parrot that Remy owns.
Kendall shoveled Austins driveway and earned some extra money.
Jesse called Carson's friend after they got home from work.
Kendall was posing with the statue at the museum. Alex took Kendall's photo to remember later.
Skylar entered the contest because the top prizes was a massive cash rewards which he really needed.
Carson got a glass and filled it with orange juice from the fridge.
Riley gave Bailey a head start on the project.
Sasha sabotaged the critical mission and endangered their fellow soldiers.
Casey ate dinner with Jan and their friends at the restaurant.
Alex made Skylar feel at home during their weekend visit to town.
Casey was an excellent detective, and had a hunch Bailey was innocent, with hard work he cleared her name.
Jordan felt a tug on his line while they were out fishing with others.
Quinn had always wanted to live by the seashore despite the risks.
Lee thought it was in connection. He was smart and wanted very much to solve the case.
Sasha required Bailey's answer on the case against Sean and Sasha did not give Bailey an answer.
Jesse and Jan were secretly seeing each other. Jesse stayed in Jan's room until next morning.
Kendall ran out of room so she put toys in Remy's place.
Cameron renewed their vows today and held a private reception for close friends and family.
Addison's friend made a silly noise at them and Addison was trying to be funny and bared their teeth.
Taylor went and got more food for the party from the corner store.
Tracy is a person who can't help but be constantly found trying new food.
Kai invited Casey to a movie and it was about a bear in the woods.
Addison held Tracy in their arms. They seemed content and happy together.
Sydney had a monster sweet tooth and decided to eat some donuts.
Cameron played baseball professionally and won a championship ring.
Kai had finally went to the movie that was out they wanted to see.
Robin, a marathon runner, was challenged in a race to the park. Robin got their first.
Robin became friends with Aubrey after they treated them with respect.
Jan launched another rock to skip across the water at the pond.
Quinn served the legal notice to the defendant so that they could proceed with the legal process.
After taking hours of consideration, Jesse finally decided to buy one along with his friend.
Austin ignored the advice others gave him and never let the birds fly outside the cage.
Lee twisted Sasha's ankle in their wrestling match and caused her to lose.
Jesse needed to talk to them so they called them into the room.
Riley gave some water to his friend cause he was thirsty and parched.
Sasha bought a new car at a price that was a little bit more than the seller was expecting.
Ash prevented pregnancy in women without their knowledge but was finally found out.
sydney thanked sasha for sasha's assistance on the project that was recently completed.
riley reached their climax and wanted to take a nap after the exertion.
Skylar was determined to win the championship race, but at the starting line they started running before the signal and were disqualified.
carson had a crush on taylor and wanted to seduce him so she invited taylor to her house.
Jesse went to the pound and brought home a dog.
Quinn had dry skin, but fortunately always carried lotion with them.
Quinn saw there was a chipmunk on the sidewalk.
Jan established a relationship with a man who treated her very well.
Jordan was exausted and on the way home from a work shift.
Sydney was involved in a bad car accident this morning with another vehicle.
Bailey went on a jungle safari and saw monkeys in the wild.
Jordan studied for quite some time and recently took a test.
Jan took advantage of the situation when things got crazy.
Jordan was in a city. Jordan suddenly heard a sound.
Riley began digging a grave because she killed someone.
Lee spilt tea everywhere and got out a cloth to clean it up.
Jan was missing her boyfriend and thought of him often. Images of Quinn came to Jan's mind quickly.
Taylor hurt Lee's feelings when they told them they didn't want to be friends anymore.
Skylar asked Ash if it would be cool to go to the movies this coming Friday.
Sydney kissed Bailey's forehead before she moved away to a new city.
Addison took their lunch after being bullied for months by them.
Skylar held her hand to Sasha's chest to check her heart rate.
Ash is tired and ready to go to bed.
Riley talked to Remy a bit about the good grades that she just received.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment after three years out of nowhere.
Alex deprived Sydney of the power to hurt the others.
Sasha saw a new student, Casey, sat by herself during lunch and decided to keep her company.  Sasha became Casey's friend.
Kai took a show and got the dirty water off their chest because he smelled bad and looked worse.
Cameron and ash worked together at a school. Cameron took Ash to get lunch.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper the secret but feared she would tell.
Sasha arrived at the party and entered Kai's house after being invited in.
Quinn climbed back onto the ship after falling off and almost drowning in the sea.
Aubrey rented a new apartment with her best friend Kate.
Sasha shared her soda with someone. She noticed the guy was very thirsty.
Jordan was playing cards and used the full deck for the game.
Kendall was teaching Robin how to dance. Kendall grabbed Robin's hips.
Skylar took Quinn to the new bar to celebrate Quinn getting the new job.
Casey was dating a girl that he really loved and wanted to be with.
cameron was a trusting person so he decided to take addison's word for it.
After drinking at home one night, Jesse took a tax to a bar to continue the fun.
Kendall didn't know them well, they only spoke online, but she really liked this person.
Sasha started to eat it in order to see what it was like.
Alex used Bailey's janitorial power to get in the school at night and rifled through the teacher's desk and stole a test copy.
Addison stopped trying to get the knot undone and decided to get new laces.
Kendall asked questions in the meeting.  They wanted to understand more about their company's new policy.
Remy closed up shop quickly because the wildfire was getting close. She could smell smoke and see the haze in the air. The sirens were getting closer.
Casey rented the smaller apartment instead in New York City that she could afford.
Lee wanted to clean kendall's room and get rid of most of the stuffed toys.
Riley began to sing with the others at the gathering around the fireplace.
Tracy gave Kendall a big hug because she was going away for college.
Austin didn't think he was a good enough boyfriend for Addison so he broke up with her.
Austin entered the science fair at school and he won an award.
Taylor told my friends about the new business I was planning on starting up.
Jordan who was just a little baby took their very first step.
Taylor bought all the ingredients and brought them home then put them into a bowl.
When Carson's sister accused her of stealing her hairbrush, Carson washed her hands of the drama.
Quinn read Kai a new book when she put Kai to bed.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter to see if there was a dog there that they liked.
Taylor asked another person and they also told Taylor no.
Lee was an expert and Riley sought him out for advice which Lee happily gave.
Jordan spilled water in all places and got it on his lap.
Jan gave Bailey another chance after Bailey failed the assignment the first time.
Lee met Casey's expectations at work after wrapping up a sale.
Sasha ran into some trouble and stole Lee's money out of their wallet.
Sasha pled their cause to the judge during the court session.
Casey set my alarm so I wouldn't forget to get up to go to the park.
There was a fire truck outside of the shop and alarms going off, so Casey asked what happened at the store.
Kendall made Casey a meal.
Ash looked at their friend and smiled at them in a loving manner.
Casey sold Quinn's car because Quinn owed money to Casey.
Austin enlightened every student with his speaking skills.
Alex was simply another player until he made the winning goal.
Bailey was supposed to turn in her term paper but forgot. Bailey's teacher Jan gave them another chance to turn in the paper.
Skylar and his brother took their dad fishing in florida as a retirement gift.
Quinn was Bailey's child and after reading every night to them for years, Bailey developed Quinn's interest in reading.
Kai played Ash's video game and had a lot of fun.
Remy found out good news. Remy and their friends go out to a bar to celebrate. They stay out late and drink a lot. The next morning Remy wakes up.
Austin spent the whole day creating a cake. Austin told Cameron he made it from scratch.
aubrey was going to his friend's wedding so he suited up.
Casey gave Austin an indication of her preference on the job application.
Jan stayed home from school sick, so all they did was played video games all day.
Remy was thinking of what to do for their mom on Mother's day. Remy got a car.
Austin had never heard sounds before he got his new hearing aids.
Jordan played games online and wanted to get his friends to also play.
Addison studied hard every day and worked well in business classes all year.
Lee was told not to tell a secret, so Lee kept their lips sealed.
Sydney gave Riley some medicine when Riley couldn't stop coughing.
Taylor got another dog after Sierra got run over by a car.
Taylor told their friend to stay home and make a cake with them.
Cameron called the teacher names when he showed up for school.
Aubrey tested the water and found out that it tasted odd and strange and she threw it out.
Jesse kept practicing and became the starting pitcher.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp so they could do something fun for the summer.
Ash went to the movies with a friend and they had a good time.
Aubrey was sick of being bullied by Remy and finally tore him apart.
Robin had to get married to be able to stay in the country. Austin served Robin purpose.
Jan's parents wanted them to play soccer after school. Jan decided to play chess.
Quinn recovered from their injuries and started playing with the team again.
Jan called Kai's friend because she was worried about Kai not answering the phone.
Cameron went to the park with his friends from his new school.
Standing at the alter, Lee focused on Addison as she slowly walked toward him.
Sasha threatened her friend's after finding out they were lying to her about her husband's cheating.
Jesse would win a prize for the best time, but was disqualified from the competition.
sydney was jan's best friend so she happily became jan's end.
aubrey was greedy so she found food in addison's house when she was hungry.
Carson showed his daughter how to ride a bike. She was a quick learner and very grateful.
Jan carried out their mission and were successful in their endeavor.
Kai played an important role in Skylar's life since they were young.
Jordan ran Lee's business while Lee was on vacation.
Carson did not want to go to school so he asked his mom if he could stay home.
Lee changed Casey's minds.
Bailey decided to go into town to find something to do.
Jan had been unhappy in their marriage for a long time.
Casey wanted to date a man from work so got up the courage to ask them out.
Sasha voted with their feet as they had been born without hands.
addison was a role model so he lived in their home to teach them.
After getting a new haircut, Carson took Lee's hand through it to show the difference.
jesse traced riley's problems back to one event in their lives where things could have gone two different ways.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office to show him that Skylar was passed out drunk.
Aiden was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
sasha saw cameron her dog had a broken leg so she took him to the doctor.
Aubrey had a drinking problem that was affecting their job. They found help online.
quinn was a nice person so she agreed to go with taylor to the mall.
Quinn is a baker with a good heart and made cookies for others.
Jesse told Lee's story to an audience of eager fans.
Bailey played a part in the development of the plan and was a very domineering boss over the staff.
Robin will leave Aubrey soon due to relationship problems between them.
Remy asked Kendall out on a date and knew she was going to say no.
Bailey prevented the geese from going with a soft net trap.
Sasha went to the funeral and paid respects to their old friend.
Jesse was trying to practice reading palms. Jesse went to a part of Sasha's hand that included her life line.
After losing the pickup basketball game with Alex by fifteen points, Riley wiped the egg from their face.
Skylar had their first baby and made a great impression on many people with her cute baby.
Tracy hope she would see the dolphins at SeaWorld and take pictures of them.
Casey performed their lines properly for a while but then sabotaged the play because they didn't get the part they wanted.
Sasha told Quinn they were going to a new city the next year.
Robin was being really morbid and dragging down the group. Robin cast a shadow over everyone.
Lee got to know Robin better when they were stuck on a long bus ride together.
Tracy found Kendall's place even after Kendall said he didn't want to be bothered.
Sasha got near Robin when Robin was trying to hide from her.
Skylar purchased a ticket but then scalped it and gave the money to a homeless man.
Kai went shopping for eggs and milk today. Kai put the eggs in the fridge.
carson met cameron's sister and told her she was very pretty.
Austin quickly made lunch so he wouldn't be late for school that morning.
kai had a brand new car so he wanted to rev the engine.
Skylar caught Quinn peeking and pushed him down the stairs.
Everyone at the anniversary party for Austin and Jane saw that Austin had a lot in common with his wife.
Sydney didn´t want vegetables, she ordered fries instead.
Lee flew back home but needed to make sure their parents would be around to visit.
Alex and their spouse rushed to the hospital. Alex conceived a child.
Carson ran a hand through Jesse's hair and told them it would be alright.
Quinn turned in her grave after her son turned into a serial killer.
Quinn was thankful for his friends' help.  He couldn't wait to move into his new place.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan today because Jan had been annoying them but Jan apologized.
Cameron tied Lee's shoelaces together as a prank.
Robin was an athletic person, climbing a mountain was something she'd always dreamed of.
Austin felt like hours had passed while he was taking the test.
taylor was annoying so she got her friends in trouble.
Lee found out that his friend had been insulting them behind their back.
Addison put Kendall's ideas into action and burned down the house.
Since they were working as a housekeeper, Aubrey often found dirt in Addison's house.
Alex told her sister Tracy she was pregnant as soon as she found out.
Kendall drew inference on Cameron after he said something bad about her mother.
Jan gave money to Remy's mother so they could cover rent costs.
Since there was a race coming up and they needed to practice, Quinn swam back and forth across the pool.
Although they were very nervous about it, Sasha rode the roller coaster.
Ash got Cameron's mom from work when Cameron's car broke down.
Carson was finally done eating at the family reunion and their mother excused them from the table.
Bailey was a doctor and her most recent patient had some issues with their ear.
Carson recently had a baby and their friend Tracy is coming to visit.
Remy and his friends were on a vacation. Remy spent any money they had on senseless things.
Aubrey took college classes last week to learn more about school.
Austin was coming in to work for Addison. Austin took Addison's hours.
Casey gave Alex aid from the wound he received that day.
Kai bent every rule. He paid the price for it though when he was caught.
As a small crowd had gathered for the event, Austin played the guitar.
Skylar took a part in the struggle, and eventually helped overcome the dictator.
After being away from home for a long time, Bailey realized she loved her pets dearly.
Lee went to see Addison  that is very at the hospital.
Quinn swam back and forth because they wanted to get faster.
Kai was going with people on an outing with people and decided they should meet halfway.
Taylor put the compliment another way.
Jan extended their business plans far and had goals for the company.
Skylar flew around the world.   They enjoyed their vacation but it was too short for them.
Aubrey was having mental problems and she cut their throat to give them a better life according to the person of the cloth store.
Jan used Sasha's language and coined lingo while giving a presentation on a topic much influenced by Sasha.
Sydney looked down his nose at the noisy couple causing a ruckus in the library.
Sydney changed Tracy's way of thinking so that she would do better.
Ash called all of Cameron's friends to invite them too his surprise party.
Lee and Alex went through a lot that day. Lee laid his head on Alex's shoulder.
Carson had gone through a large string of lovers without considering their feelings.
Cameron was excited about the upcoming game and ended up watching the game from the bench.
Austin pulled Aubrey close and told her a secret about the big meeting.
Kai moved Kendall's hips so she could get by.
Kai fought his way out of the crowd and made his way to the car.
The pirate know as Sydney died at sea, and so Addison gave him the appropriate burial.
Aubrey decided to be a stay at home parent and educate their children in home school.
Riley stared directly at Sasha with eyes glowing, because Riley thought Sasha had slighted them.
Robin protected Jan's property when Jan was out of town on vacation.
Aubrey and Remy decided to go on a diet together with a target weight in mind. Remy became upset when Aubrey reached Remy's goal before her.
Tracy met Skylar at the station to pick her up from school like she said she would.
Skylar's head was feeling uncomfortable on the flight so Taylor put the pillow behind her.
Bailey just a new red sports car and wanted to show off, so they drove around town.
Taylor had some extra time and decided they would give their mother a ride.
Sasha went for a walk all the way to the bathroom to relax.
Lee was assigned to mentor and train the company's new hire, Riley.
Tracy always teased their classmates about the costumes that day.
Addison executed every last one of them because they committed a lot of bad crimes.
Aubrey finished their breakfast at the breakfast buffet.
Kai stood right in front of Sasha and asked if there was a problem.
After arriving at his friend's house for lunch, Jan started to ring the bell.
Sasha had an important meeting with their boss to discuss the current project in detail that Sasha's team were working on.
Sasha gave her daughter the money for the treats at the store.
Casey had an allergy to dogs, and Jesse's dog affected Casey's health.
Remy picked up Tracy's pace during their long walk.
Bailey went to the store and got some bread to feed to the ducks.
Tracy decorated her classroom with different size papers.
Quinn was losing a tennis game against a friend very badly.
Austin influenced people's thoughts in the fantasy novels they wrote.
Remy took their belongings with them when they evacuated due to the upcoming hurricane.
After purchasing season tickets, Tracy attended every show.
Quinn did a really good job on the car engine and it runs like new now.
Sydney turned red when Carl cracked a sex joke and stared at her.
Addison leaned toward Kai and wanted to share information with them.
Remy posted flyers with their phone number on it with information about their missing cat.
Alex's parents spoiled him and never disciplined him. At preschool he tried to govern every person, including the aides and teachers.
Lee divided the money from the sales equally between them and Alex.
Skylar made food for the funeral of her ex-wife and her daughter.
Quinn was first in line at the video game release event.
Since they felt threatened by the group of new students, Bailey used trickery to control them.
Kai scared the crap out of Robin by jumping out from behind a tree.
Quinn watched the neighbor today to see if they were going to do anything to Quinn's side of the yard.
carson worshipped god according to their teachings so he got to leave the island to spread the gospel.
Sydney increased their productivity after their boss gave them some tips.
Tracy let Alex go first when they arrived at the roller coaster park.
Taylor used Jordan's full name when reprimanding her son about his rude antics.
Taylor willed definitely to succeed at all costs, even if it meant being a bad person.
Remy brought together enemies and convinced them to work out their differences.
Carson lost another game after trying for the fourth time in a row.
Carson learnt Alex's lesson and taught it as their own in class.
Kendall was going against the current in the creek. Kendall swam upstream.
Jan got caught shoplifting at the supermarket and was taken away by the local police.
Casey took their phone.
Skylar had been raising the same four chickens for years and used the eggs they laid in all of her baked goods.
Cameron gave Austin time to think about what they wanted for dinner.
After Tracy kept asking to borrow money from Jordan, Jordan told Tracy to get a job.
Tracy was the family's trusted cook and housekeeper for 25 years.
Ash made some new friends. The new friends liked them too.
Robin put the book back on the shelf because they were done reading it.
Cameron gave Alex a peck on the cheek. That was the best part of their week.
Kai, a toddler, liked to run away from their house.  Sasha had to put Kai back inside.
Skylar brought the pencils back after she found out the teacher saw her take them.
Carson went right back to smoking after having quite for two years.
Taylor made Tracy an offer. It was quite tempting. Too tempting.
Nicholas was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Ash cut a wide swath in the hole of the fence with their tool.
Remy invited all of alex's friends even though alex said he never wanted to see those friends again.
Remy smoked like a chimney and had to quit before he developed lung cancer.
Sydney had a long and tiring day at work. Sydney got home and ended the day with a bath.
Quinn had gotten a new job but then her mom got very sick.
Casey was looking for somewhere they could get an oil change. Casey drove around town.
After accidentally breaking an old device beyond repair, Skylar constructed another device.
Ash was riding the roller coaster for the first time. Ash squeezed Quinn's hand.
Carson shaved their legs before she went out on her date.
Cameron studied karate for years with the dojo master.
She constantly complained about everything and everyone one, Quinn put a damper on things.
Listening to the boring lecture for 30 minutes, Lee decided they had paid enough attention in class.
Robin started school today and was proud to bring her new backpack and lunchbox.
Riley was double checking to be sure everything was in place. Riley made sure of oneself.
Addison had be training for months, so she expected to win.
Austin is in charge of a team at work.
Aubrey completely forgot about the party they had planned.
Having prepared for their first driving test, Alex pulled into the parking lot.
Alex didn't want his brother to play with his toys. Alex took it back from him.
Jan watched the new after dinner, because watching it before dinner would make them lose their appetite.
Aubrey was late for school because she had to take her sick mother to the hospital.
Alex was playing football and he hit Carson in the head with the ball.
Sydney knew she couldn't jump over the hurdle, but she tried anyway.
Jordan showed her parents. He parents seemed very happy with the results.
Ash found peace for Alex's souls by giving him a nice funeral mass.
Quinn taught a ceramics class and showed Casey how to form a clay pot.
Carson studied all week to prepare for the exam happening in an hour.
Cameron wanted to start a business so she did a lot of research and sought out advice.
Jesse spent hours online researching for his paper that was due soon.
Casey trapped a spider in her bathroom. She flushed the spider down the toilet.
Kai underwent Ash's operation to remove the item from Kai's leg.
Alex lived in Jan's aged apartment for many years because they were too lazy to get a job.
Austin held Riley's arms ask he was getting his first tattoo.
Lee selected Addison's object so that they could use it in a party.
Cameron suffered from depression but began going to therapy and taking medication.
Riley took a class on how to manage his anger in bad situations.
Ash only shopped once a month. Ash put groceries in the car and it took an hour.
After alot of studying and hard work, Cameron finally got the business loan and lived their dream of starting a business.
Remy asked what Tracy's thoughts are about the new work initiative.
Alex invited his friend Cameron to his birthday party which he attended after much coercion.
Quinn took the dog outside because it was nice out and it needed exercise.
Quinn was a kidnapper and took Ash from the bus stop by force.
With a sense of relief and trepidation Austin left the hospital today. They were finally free, but next was the difficult process of recovery.
While go out to dump the trash, Addision stumbled accross a litter of kittens in the trash bin.
After a nice home cooked dinner Taylor thanks Skylar's mom.
Casey put a pie in to bake to celebrate her son birthday party.
Casey became an expert witness for Aubrey during the major court case against the state.
Kendall earned money to support her child but was asking others for help because it wasn't enough.
Austin ran their fingers through Bailey's hair to mess with her for fun.
Sasha, who is dating Remy, made decisions for Remy and expected Remy to follow all of them.
Taylor kicked the bucket out of anger and hurt his foot.
Cameron was locked out of his fenced yard. Cameron climbed the fence.
Ash and Mike wanted to rob a bank. Ash told Mike about their plan.
Tracy missed everybody so she returned to Quinn's village.
Addison took Robin's degree certificate so Robin couldn't prove to anyone that she graduated.
Sasha attended meetings at the university every week as a teacher.
Taylor cut their hair herself in order to save money.
Addison was tired but their team needed the report for a big presentation tomorrow.
Kendall was saving for a car but one job wasn't enough so they found a new job to do at night.
Austin did a lot of hard work as he wanted to graduate with his friends.
Jesse was a soldier in the army and for four years, Jesse fulfilled her duties.
Kendall impressed upon Remy her values about how to go to work on time and pay your bills.
Addison checked Skylar's car everywhere in the back and the front for the her phone.
Jan tried to lie to Alex when asked, but alex knew Jan very well and knew better.
Aubrey asked Skylar to be their wife, but Skylar said no, because they were seeing someone else.
Quinn told Addison he had feelings for her, and that he wanted to take her on a date.
Ash was at a Christmas party and he saw the logs on the fire.
Remy purposefully hurt Jordan's feelings by saying something extremely unkind to them.
Robin's mother didn't want a party for her birthday, but Robin surprised her mother anyway.
Jesse tried to argue about why the car was stuck but he give up.
Jordan sunk Jan's boat in the game they were playing and cheered.
Riley shot herself in the foot accidentally with the gun.
Carson treated Taylor badly after Taylor refused to help him cheat on a test.
Taylor liked someone they met at school and wanted to start a relationship.
Alex is trying to raise money for a school trip to New York City. He decides to sell candy to his friends to earn money.
Without asking its owner, Alex took Cameron's bike.
Aubrey was in the library reading Quinn's article, and Quinn saw Aubrey read the article.
Robin came home early after a disastrous meeting at the plant.
Cameron was giving Robin and other students a test. Robin took Cameron's examination.
Riley built Cameron's house and Cameron thought they did a great job.
Remy is always very organized. As always, she's got her plans for the next day.
bailey was a lonely person so she asked her friends for advice.
Ash love Jordan so he proposed to her on Christmas I gave her the best gift you could give her.
according to the article Carson felt they would be ready.
Skylar used Jesse for other purposes.  Jesse found out about it.
After month of trayinf in vain, Bailey now knows that she would make it.
Sasha divided the radio into parts and was getting ready to put it together.
Jan took their sister to the lake and they all went for a swim.
Robin got Skylar a new job at the company that they worked at one day.
Addison had not seen Robin for a long time but got to see her today.
Riley pulled into the gas station where their friend Aubrey worked. Aubrey filled Riley's tank with fuel.
Ash had a good day at since after getting good grades and seeing their friends.
Ash welcomed Cameron back from their vacation and left a thick stack of paperwork on their desk.
Sydney sent a brand new bike to a friend for their birthday.
Ash added wood to the flame to get the fire going while they watched a movie.
Kai turned Skylar's car around and almost ran it into a tree.
Gianna was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan got a ticket in the mail. Jan wanted to go to court and fight it.
Jordan really wanted Bailey to come to the game with him later. So Jordan asked Bailey's wife for permission.
Bailey smelt really bad because she didnt shower for days.
Aubrey took Lee to the park because it was a nice day outside.
Addison provided Kendall with the answers to all of the test questions.
Casey ran back to the pool when she noticed a toddler drowning.
Austin got full at dinner because he ate a mexican pizza all by himself.
Robin bought a new phone and it broke right after she got it.
After being fired, Sydney downsized from her home, to a studio apartment. She placed all her furniture in storage, promising she will get back on her feet, and reclaim it soon.
Alex received a letter from the government confirming that he owed back taxes.
Tracy sold their collection after determining its value and finding buyers.
Jordan's team was losing the game badly. Jordan's coach put them in the game. Jordan changes the tide of the game and their team wins.
Kai pulled their money together so they could purchase the dinner they agreed on.
Austin derived their weaknesses from the consent and decided to find better candidates to fulfill the duty.
Remy had thought the drive was longer than expected, so Remy arrived five minutes early.
Bailey needed a job so Tracy offered Bailey an opportunity.
Skylar went to check on Bailey to see how their homework was going.
Riley told Austin what was going on so that Austin could help him with the problem.
Addison narrowed Ash's choices down so they could make a decision.
Bailey seemed to like the work and came in early when a promotion was available.
Carson and Aubrey had made plans to meet up for drinks after work.
Quinn was telling Tracy a story he had written. Tracy sat and imagined what Quinn was seeing in his head.
Tracy grabbed sydney's hand and spoke intently while looking in their eyes.
Robin found humor in words and so began her career as a funny and successful comedian.
Skylar played a round in regulation and ultimately was found to have cheated during it.
Taylor improved the patient's mindset to make them feel better.
Lee wanted to play a prank on his friend Quinn, wanting to scare Quinn to death.
Jan was the secretary to the general, so Jan handed down orders.
Taylor got Bailey's girlfriend a date to the dance so they could all go together.
Austin has type 1 diabetes and has just realised that they have a hypo so Austin knew what to eat to help bring their blood sugars up.
Riley wrote their new book and had it sent for publishing.
Bailey understood the patient's complaints about the slow times of getting their meals.
jordan never showed up for practice so austin played jordan's role in the development play.
Remy ate their breakfast at the diner for food every morning.
Austin loved to play outside, climbing trees, digging for warms, building forts, and Austin even found rocks in the yard.
bailey was a bully so she raised quinn's hand.
Aubrey shook hands with the unemployed person while others looked on in wonder.
Addison got their story straight to the police during the investigation.
Jesse bought a new TV and needed cable to watch the football game with friends, so Jesse called the cable guy.
Jesse got a ride to the prom with a boy.
Bailey pointed their finger at them and accused them of stealing.
After going to bathroom Austin resumed their place in line for food.
Lee took the pill and got well a few days later.
Lee wanted to be more social so he went to the movies with Riley's friends.
Austin advised the client on all financial matters and the company ended up in bankruptcy.
Jesse kept their cards close to their chest. Jesse could not be trusted.
Quinn inclined their head to try and see what their friend Ash was doing.
Remy was planning on jumping off of a cliff, and Robin tried to stop Remy.
Sasha used a random system to determine her kids names each time.
Casey went to the wall today and was punished to make sure he amended his deeds.
Jesse is starting a new job and he is very nervous.
Bailey wanted to sleep better so they burned essential oils that help them sleep.
Carson performed Lee's task at work so Lee could take a break.
Taylor led Aubrey's employees at work and tried to do a good job.
Bailey attracted students' interest by offering free tutoring services at first and then charging for them after.
skylar was in love so she followed him everywhere.
taylor placed their cloak on the throne so everyone would know who was in charge.
Quinn exalted Kai because they had a great night together.
Jan and Tracy had a big fight, so Jan brought Tracy's things back.
In the privacy of her room, Taylor practiced her journal writing every night before going to bed.
Quinn home school Sydeny but with a doctorate, was able to give Sydney a good education.
riley was a nice person so he gave casey a report on the project.
Jan struck every note in the piano recital piece.
Lee decided to go out and do something even though no one else wanted to.
kendall saw god come out of the sky and command her so she gave up everyone's life to god.
Jordan was sparkling clean after taking a long shower.
After not looking around at the various surroundings, Riley slipped, fell and cut their knee.
Lee taught Aubrey how to play chess the correct way.
Jordan saw Skylar was getting beat up by bullies, so Jordan stepped in and pushed them away from Skylar.
Kai is leaving town for the summer and saying goodbye to Alex.
After a trip to the playground, Alex brought Tracy home. She ate her delicious dinner of chicken fingers and strawberries and then played with her toys in the living room.  After a while, Alex decided it was time to put Tracy to bed.
Because Taylor loved her job so much, Taylor also sought an opportunity there for Riley.
Alex was asking for donations to charity, and Alex raised a lot of money.
Carson gave his friend a discount and his friend asked if he could pay even less.
Bailey went to the store and told people that she was gonna get a cake.
Quinn´s brother was lazy and always in trouble, so Austin turned Quinn's brother away.
After being at the beach all day and getting a terrible burn Remy put cream on Lee's face.
sydney saw ducks outside fighting each other and watched as they went about their business.
Mike threw their baby to Aubrey in the swimming pool. Jan threw Aubrey back.
Ash met a new friend at the mall they went to that day.
Cameron, knowing how much the dog meant to him, turned Jesse's eyes away from the accident and the injured dog.
Skylar saw a movie that was quite good, and wants to see it again with friends at the theater.
Alex was thirsty so they got up and got some water.
Jesse kisses his friend Lee's girlfriend. Lee and his girlfriend have been together for years and Jesse is Lee's best friend.
Sydney found it difficult to leave their friends. They always had the urge to be together.
Cameron thrust more work upon Taylor when Taylor turned down the offer by Cameron.
Casey didn't have much money to spend but bought the clothes anyway.
Casey's pet cat had passed away that morning and needed to be buried before sundown.
Because of her intense jealousy, Sydney lost Robin the opportunity to meet her favorite celebrity.
Aubrey was picking Quinn up from their workplace. Aubrey came to work to pick Quinn up.
Bailey established relations with Kendall so that they could use Kendall as a reference in the future.
Alex caught fire by making a bad business decision last month.
Riley was feeling sad and decided to bake some cookies to cheer themselves up.
Alex stuck out his tongue at Riley. Riley wasn't too happy and the smile left Alex's face.
Aubrey opened the projects in the form and read through them until she couldn't look at any more bad ideas.
Robin rode motorcycles to work and got in an accident one morning.
Jordan took to swimming like a duck to water during Jordan's first time in adult swimming lessons.
Carson loved animals and was walking the street and saw a small one alone.
Austin turned Quinn's brother away. They knew he wanted money for drugs.
Jordan took his whole family to the circus to see the big event that day.
Jan celebrated Aubrey's birthday by getting some toys that were shiny.
Casey was annoyed with how out of order Remy's house was.
Remy was responsible for organizing the highschool reunion. Remy brought together the group.
Kai wrote a letter to them, telling their story and asking for a spot in the college.
Austin made some goals that they would try to accomplish in the new year.
Taylor averted Addison's eyes away from the scary movie scene.
When buying a new car, Sasha based the decision on their experiences.
Cameron grouped the items together so they would be organized in the closet.
Remy was in a relationship for three years before it had finally come to an end.
Casey met their friend at a bar downtown because of karaoke night.
Tracy had just broken up with Sam and had gone to Cameron for some comfort.
Logan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha gave their son a hug which made everyone feel touched.
Skylar took him fishing and got a few fish to eat later that night.
Addison maximized Bailey's profits for the day by working all night long.
Carson paid Casey a compliment after running into them at the school dance.
Sydney accidentally left the jar open and ants got into the jelly.
Addison lives with her elderly grandma. Her grandma fell down in the bathroom and passed out.
Jan drove Skylar back home and Skylar thanked Jan for helping her out.
Alex pulled a rabbit out of a hat and the audience applauded.
Aubrey didn't like Kai because Kai was not as smart as Aubrey.
Kai realized that it was time for bed and turned the lights off.
Kendall surprised Tracy's friend with an ice cream cake and a balloon bouquet.
Aubrey brought donuts for everyone at youth group. She always thought of others.
Jordan found Jan's wallet.
Taylor was angry and didn't want the flowers so Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to her mom.
Sydney took it to the shop to repair it before bringing it in the house.
Taylor told other people to stop picking on Sasha cause it was very mean.
Riley gave Casey a report and the work they had been doing.
Sasha sent Ash money so he would have a way to buy a ticket to come home.
Jesse provided Riley great service as their bartender.
Skylar was watching some girls fight over a cd. Skylar took a part in the struggle to get it.
Addison was persuaded to take the job. They decided to accept the job offer.
Austin felt really good about everything and smiled at Alex.
Bailey pushed Tracy's dog away when it was trying to get their dinner.
On his walk, Jesse found money by the side of the road and he picked up to give a beggar.
Jan improved Bailey's lives so that Bailey could be more financially independent.
Sydney beat their friend at the game which they usually lost.
Remy had made a number of mistakes on the clients job, and felt embarrassed to take responsibility, but their boss Alex made Remy call the client to explain.
Sasha decided they would see Taylor after school and ask if they could play.
Taylor gave Austin the opportunity to make things better between them which he did.
Tracy finished their song and got a nice round of applause.
Sasha wanted a dog and has for many years.
Jordan was going to the mall to go shopping for some shoes. Jordan invited Jesse along.
After Casey's tooth fell out, Kendall put money under Casey's pillow while Casey was sleeping.
Casey adopted a kitten from the local pet shop to play with.
Sylar used Jesse to accomplish many tasks on the family farm that they had not had time to get around to.
Quinn saved Kendall's home from ruin. Kendall was overcome with joy knew it was thanks to Quinn.
Lee met Casey's expectations by baking and decorating a beautiful wedding cake.
Sasha resigned Casey's office after receiving a better offer.
Lee thanks Kai again for Taylor's support because they know they needed it.
Addison produced a response for Robin and it was not a nice one.
Riley attained his end goal. He passed the tests he tried so hard on.
carson worked hard since he was 18 so he retired early.
Jan went to the store to buy some vegetables for dinner on Sunday.
Kendall was unwell for over a week. Finally, their health began to improve.
Sydney lifted Sasha's spirits when they weren't feeling well.
Alex lived in Cameron's house and was incredibly messy and loud at all times of the day and night.
Carson felt proud that he was finally growing tall like his father.  He was hoping that we would end up even taller than him/.
Kendall loved to design things. Kendall decorated Addison's house.
Robin wore women's hair on top for the 80´s party.
riley was a bad parent so she put the baby up for adoption.
Aubrey read a script for the class and everyone applauded her after.
Casey tied some sashes together for some people that asked.
Austin touched Riley's arm and they went to the cafe for drinks.
Sasha and Lee are best friends in college and their parents like to get together for Sunday lunch with them. One day Sasha asked if Lee's mom would help with a surprise for Lee.
Cameron sold Sasha's products at affordable prices and made a lot of money for them both.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands off her knee when she wanted to get up.
The warehouse Quinn worked at got a new trash compactor, so Quinn put garbage in the machine.
Riley grew tired of the negativity at work so he blew this pop stand.
Skylar said their piece to anybody who would listen at school.
When her friends treated Kendall badly by starting rumors, Kendall saw things differently.
After the movie Riley started at Sasha with timid eyes waiting to see if Sasha would make the next move.
Sydney became very famous as a pop star thanks to their hard work.
Lee was nervous when he realized he had a message from Skylar, but he decided to write back.
Jordan had a word to say about his grades and collage.
Alex thought he understood his math homework but he required help on the part with division.
Quinn got ready to go to work, only to realize that their car would no longer start.
Ash decided instead when his sister was unable to make a decision.
Jordan went to the circus and watched the clowns perform in front of everyone.
Robin wanted to keep their first date simple, so he took her to the movies.
Kendall and Jordan were watching a movie. During a dramatic scene, Kendall saw a tear run down Jordan's cheek.
Sasha went to the funeral of Cameron and paid final respects.
Looking to improve the appearance of her teeth and gums, Tracy got braces today.
Casey's home and property went down in flames last night.
Quinn and Carson were best friends with each other. Quinn put their arm around Carson.
Carson lost their job a month ago and has been sitting at home playing the drums all day since then. Today, Carson was evicted from their apartment.
Cameron was much older so took responsibility for the children for the evening.
Alex has been feeling sick and trying to feel better.
When the scenes became too graphic Bailey kept Carson from seeing.
Kai came home from the hospital with the new baby that his wife had.
Carson spent the hour listening intently to his new therapy patient.
Taylor wanted to take a vacation after working a lot for the past year.
Lee set the table for the rest of the people who were invited to the dinner.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey into their home because she is known to steal.
Quinn was lazy that he left scraps everywhere at the party.
Sydney was in love with Jan and bit Jan's tongue as they kissed.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck and gave them a soft grin.
Casey did not like Aubrey anymore after they saw Aubrey steal from the store.
Taylor knew what Jesse was talking about even though nobody else did.
Quinn had a good summer vacation but it was coming to an end. Quinn returned to college in the fall.
Kendall got a date with Bailey after they asked them out for a long time.
Austin wasn't feeling very well and wanted to be alone. Cameron gave Austin some alone time.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey come along unless they did well on their final exams.
Aubrey were not very good friends with Quinn so he beat him up.
Jan helped Remy's mother get to the store today for the first time.
Bailey yelled at Jan for annoying them. Jan gave Bailey space. Bailey felt bad.
Alex was swimming in the ocean when he heard someone yell about a shark.
bailey was looking through computers and found a amazing secret in one.
Cameron returned home late after going to Riley´s house. Cameron haven´t seen Riley since 2008.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to come visit for a long weekend when they were in town.
Skylar preached to the choir when she professed about saving the planet.
Tracy and Austin went to the beach and Tracy put sunscreen on Austin to protect him from the sun.
The fly kept buzzing around Bailey's head, causing them to be annoyed and ultimately they smashed it with a stone.
Cameron walked into the store and bought some ketchup for a party he was having.
Lee listened to his parents when he was told to clean his room and wanted to take a break.
Aubrey wanted to get away so she quickly went past the snake.
Jesse went home from school with Taylor so they could study for the big test.
Jesse always caused Addison trouble when they met together.
Robin prevented them from passing down the hallway to get to class.
Alex received a subpoena from the government. They knew more than they let on.
Riley got a lot of money for her car at the dealer.
Austin got called to the house to perform landscaping services. Austin cleared the grass out.
Skylar was having a hard time so Kendall decided to walk a mile in Skylar's shoes.
Robin was visiting New York City, so Robin went and saw a Broadway show.
Kai went back home and was relieved to make it in time for dinner.
Addison caressed Carson's cheek and Carson flinched away from her.
After watching their boss to learn how, Remy prepared another gift bag.
Riley said would bring a casserole to the meeting they were about to have.
Bailey montaine Carson's relationship because she didn't want to be lonely anymore.
Sasha came Alex's way when he whistled at her to come over.
Jesse remained at the church until his death as an old man.
Jordan raised Taylor's question again this time in school.
Robin visited their sister to celebrate their birthday with the family.
Sydney got her affairs in order after receiving a devastating diagnosis.
Kai revved their engine and drove down the highway at a very fast speed.
Alex provided hope to the people when he went to help after the natural disaster.
Riley ran away from Casey after they hurt Casey badly.
Cameron told someone his secret, but it turned out it was someone they should not have trusted.
Jordan enjoys sci-fi books and movies. Jordan is interested in art and enjoys writing poems.
Kai lost Austin's phone when they went to the beach last night.
Austin saw another ghost in the closet even though ghosts aren't supposed to be real.
Sasha was terrified of spiders when she found one on her bed, she ended up calling an exterminator and sleeping at her boyfriend's for a week.
Casey wanted lots of different foods but orderd french fries instead for her.
Kai lost Austin's phone and felt terrible at losing such a valuable item.
Alex was told Kai did not want it so he listened closer.
Kendall's girlfriend's birthday is close. Kendall thinks their relationship is getting serious. Kendall took all their allowance.
Quinn depended upon the number to get a high paying career in show business.
Alex hoped to be the best but after working hard Alex realised he was simply another players on the baseball field.
Addison sets up supplies for the bake sale. They make one table with breads and one with cakes and sweets.
Skylar went to the car dealer to see if they could find a new car.
Jesse ate at a brand new restaurant and liked the food a lot.
After forgetting to set the timer, Jordan turned the oven on and put the muffins in.
Taylor started some new lessons on how to play the flute for a few hours each night.
Ash was in a tough spot and decided to borrow some money.
Skylar rejected every other person after being invited to the prom by their friend Tommy.
Jesse created the disaster that put Taylor in such a bad situation.
Austin built Quinn a house without them knowing and Quinn loved it.
Riley started drinking the water immediately after finishing the marathon.
Cameron saw Remy's dad for the first time when picking them up for their weekly date and introduced themselves.
Lee scared Quinn to death after he pretended to be a robber.
kai was tired of kendall so he put her hands at her sides.
In order to win the bet with his friends who thought he couldnt win at craps, Carson rolled the dice.
Jesse gave Sasha the chance of a lifetime when he asked her to join him.
Quinn let Kai's head fall on the desk after trying to prop it up.
Sasha ordered some pizza for the party she was having for friends.
Cameron persuaded the teacher to give them a better grade on the exam they failed because they did not study. Otherwise, they would fail the class.
Cameron and Ash went to get something that they needed.
Tracy said by to Addison after they carried everything into the dorm room.
Bailey went bird watching and was excited to use their new binoculars.
Riley was alone at night after watching a scary movie. Riley heard voices.
Remy prevented the pancakes from sticking. Remy was a good cook.
Carson felt contractions on her side. She was ready to go to the hospital.
Quinn purchased shoes at low prices because the shoe store was going out of business.
Sydney was hiding from the robbers but she heard the footsteps approaching.
Taylor saw her mother was overwhelmed by her other kids, so gave her mother time to rest.
Casey never followed the teacher's instructions on her homework.
Ash sent some money overseas for her family that was there.
Riley visited his dad for the first time at the nursing home that day.
Carson got in the car and drove down to a store he liked.
quinn met bob at his hardest hour and therefore felt comfortable enough to tell bob his darkest secrets.
Austin thinks Bailey who is homeless needs some help in their life.
Kai asked Addison's parents for one of their famous pies that they had just made.
Kai  started the car so that he could go to work.
Casey was planning Aubrey's wedding in a large church in the city.
Bailey told their friend to try their best on the test they took.
Riley would show up tomorrow for their summer wedding and marry Ash.
Casey walked up to the bench after the judge named Bailey said to come over.
Remy was really impressed after hearing it so they shared the author's story.
Jesse came to the sleepover with a pair of soft slippers packed in a bag.
Carson got an award for his research which impressed many scholars.
Jesse was taking an elevator up to the job interview, so he pressed the button for the 4th floor.
Kendall, after having went six devistating months without any luck finding a job, finally got hired.
Alex spent more time with people to get over his fear of social situations.
Casey drew Skylar's attention to the fact that her argument was a circular guise and not an honest diplomatic position.
Kai finally convinced the group and they followed him eagerly.
Carson loved the food they served and asked for the recipe.
Sydney kissed Bailey's forehead when they were sitting together.
Casey was taking his time getting ready. Casey played a role in causing their family to be late to the party.
Sydney was a decent business owner but competition had been very tough.
Skylar set a new school record for the long jump in track.
Cameron became Taylor's personal artist and drew a lot of neat paintings for him.
Ash made Addison feel proud and important after their important meeting.
Bailey understood the patient's complaints and did the best to make the patient comfortable.
Addison found my way to be efficient wasn't all that efficient in the end.
Ash bought lunch at a price that she found to be very steep.
Cameron was lost in the woods for days but finaly with a bit of luck they managed to find a way out.
Robin and Jordan were shopping at an outdoor market. Robin kept Jordan close to him while walking.
Casey got the ring put on their finger after she said yes to her boyfriend's proposal.
Remy found an email and quickly responded to it.
When Cameron's friends were arguing about who won the game, Cameron took sides.
Sydney also gave Ash a compliment to help him relax before an important performance.
Remy minded their business while Casey got to work on their homework.
Aubrey needed to sell her merchandise but didn't know who to market too. Sasha determined Aubrey's customer base for her.
Remy noticed a blood stain on the floor and had to call the police to investigate it.
Alex got mad at Quinn and then crossed Quinn's face out of the photograph.
Aubrey asked Riley to take it so that she was not caught with it.
Austin worked hard for months, but felt they needed to ask for a raise.
Robin played every day and got good enough to be accepted to a prestigious music school.
As they have been training for a while at home, Riley did not hesitate to turn on Sasha's back on cue.
Addison decided to pull an all-nighter in order to get her final exam paper done.
Aubrey sent text messages to her friends inviting them over to her house.
Sydney gave Addison a kick in the rear to trample him down in the hall.
Jordan gave Casey a picture of himself for Casey to remember him by and then got on the plane.
Alex reached the peak of the tall mountain that few people reach after climbing all day.
Cameron was skateboarding and wiped out. After a few moments, Cameron stopped hurting so much.
Lee felt crowded on Jan's line and requested to be moved to a different line.
Addison's costly on-sale purchases at closing time maximized Baily's profits for the day.
Alex sent his son to their room for not behaving at all.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan yesterday because Jan kept messing things up at their office.
Riley helped their friend Aubrey move into a new home and they were very glad.
Robin got into a very big fight with her boyfriend after a date.
Ash tickled Kendall's fancy dog and they both went for a walk in the park.
Sahsa expressed Skylar's thoughts in terms that Skylar was never able to put into words before.
Aubrey was very hot outside and decided to go in the pool.
Jesse pointed at the book Alex was reading and told them that they had read it.
Taylor allays Remy's fears because Taylor wants to be a good friend to Remy.
Skylar found Cameron who became homeless. Skylar took Cameron to a shelter.
Jan established whether to loan friends any money on a case by case basis.
Skylar saw her favorite band were coming to town so they purchased a ticket.
Jesse brought home a cat after finding it on the side of the road.
Quinn walked the floor, looking over the shoulders of the workers to make sure they were performing to standards.
Remy experienced everything. At the end of the day she felt like going home.
Sydney also gave Ash hell for their stupidity.
Cameron performed for the very first time at a comedy club. Thankfully, Cameron was really funny.
After Alex drank too much at a party, Taylor gave Alex a ride home in her car.
Skylar took her seat in the back of the vehicle and liked it.
Kai bound Bailey's books together so it would be easier to go to school.
Jan washed Taylor's truck and also cleaned the inside.
Cameron conducted an investigation to determine what happened at the bar.
Jordan planted a seed which would grow into a massive planet.
Remy was cleaning out Jordan's garage to prepare for Jordan to move away.
After Cameron pushed Remy, Remy pushed Cameron back.
Jesse wore high heels to the party with their friends.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling over when Kendall passed out.
Austin didn't give Remy the time of day when they made a silly joke.
Robin put their classmates into groups at recess so they could play a game.
Lee faced their fears squarely into the night and concurred them.
Skylar stayed far away from them and finally the bees moved on.
Ash had a good time at the event and they met a girl named Quinn there.
Sasha gave Robin the address to the party tonight.
Ash tried to be cautious, but Ash wore their heart on their sleeve.
Carson forced Jan's hand into making the big business deal that day.
Due to her love of art, Aubrey decided to volunteer to make signs for the church yard sale.
Jordan looked upon Addison for guidance because Addison was experienced.
After being 30 minutes late for the court session, Skylar gave their testimony in front of the judge.
In an attempt to keep her aunt from eating all the food again, Addison ending up eating too much.
Remy asked Taylor the reason why he is crying. Taylor said he killed his brother.
When the waiter brought the steak to the table, Austin sent it back to the kitchen.
Jan wanted pancakes for breakfast so she headed to the nearest diner.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan that day after he saw Skylar having sex with his girlfriend.
Taylor created a computer program based on Jordan's ideas after weeks of work.
lee was a reasonable person so he wanted to take pictures to remember people by.
Lee came with the telescope for the astronomy class field trip.
Addison bound the sticks together in order to make the campfire.
Casey paid the rent on time as requested by the landlord.
Bailey felt sore after Bailey played in a basketball game at a local high school.
Cameron understood god's plan for their life when they got into college.
Ash was trying to lose weight and got some equipment to exercise on.
alex had nothing better to do so he bought a ticket and saw a movie.
Alex had a carefree attitude and lived and let live.
Aubrey bought Alex's shoes at a yard sale and then wore them.
jordan built their home upon a rock so they could maker sure the house wouldn't fall.
Baileys friends didn't want to watch the same movie as Bailey so she used trickery to deceive them into picking out the movie she wanted .
Taylor eventually found love at the local bar during the big and important game.
The car has been making strange noises all week, so Addison checked Skylar's car.
Robin cooked oats and bacon for breakfast and enjoyed it before going to work.
Tracy recently was married, and met their spouse at work.
Alex made Austin headway with getting an interview at Target.
Taylor increased Bailey's understanding of the lesson while working as a tutor after school.
Kendall impressed all the people in his class with his inventions.
Jordan laughed and told a story about their life and what others could do to avoid the problems Jordan faced.
Tracy had to leave the party earlier because their children were with a babysitter who had to go home at 9 PM .
Casey and Aubrey have know each other for a long time. They have spend many days and nights together. Casey became an expert on Aubrey, learning all about Aubrey.
Jan became close to her best friend who lived right down the street.
Addison walked toward a homeless person on street and donated money.
Jan waved Robin's arms in the air playing a game.
Quinn divided the country into regions to keep the peace and increase his likability.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend later that they had cheated on them.
Remy told the news to his friend who reacted angrily at it.
Cameron followed Skyler's example after he did it in the first place.
After a bad break-up, Tracy packed up their suitcases and drove across the country.
Taylor spend some time alone to relax for a while.
Quinn decided to move to Australia, since they had always loved the country.
Quinn witnessed a horrific car crash on her way to work one day.
Cameron sold Sasha's shoes at prices that were cheaper than they should be.
Austin saw a painting at a museum and Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting.
Aubrey was spending the night at Cameron's house. Aubrey saw Cameron in the morning for breakfast.
Tracy really hurt Robin when she refused to go to the party with him.
Austin put his money where his mouth was and won the competition.
Robin had been assaulted by a stranger, and Robin brought the case to trial.
Skylar was not having fun at the party, so Skylar left to go home.
Cameron was the only one at home. They at pizza for dinner.
Ash wanted to bury a time capsule, so Ash dug a big hole.
Syndey was feeling nauseous and dizzy, so Sydney lay on the ground.
Cameron told someone the pastor's secret after Cameron promised they wouldn't tell anyone.
Ash wore dirty clothes but stopped when everyone made fun of him.
Sydney made up Kai's mind about where they should eat dinner.
Kai got the food off the ground and put in the the garbage.
They married last year during a hurricane.
Cameron left a baseball bat behind by accident despite needing it for the game.
Kendall bought the tickets online for the game for a lot of money.
Sasha wanted to lose some weight so she enrolled in the new gym close to her workplace.
Lee had a day off and wanted to get a lot of chores done.
Kendall had to run errands all day long for their mom and sister.
Kendall had lost ten pounds after successfully dieting for a month.
Quinn sent the papers away so that they could be filed and the taxes would be paid.
Robin arrived today to give the good news about the stock price.
Cameron heard there were guavas and he ran amok through the farmer's market.
Sydney was planning a surprise party for her sister and she decided to make it special.
Riley gave the boy socks to wear during the cold winter nights.
Kendall thanked Sasha in an email for Lee's help with the project at work.
Alex pushed Quinn's work in the right direction and Quinn was doing well.
Remy found a date for his junoir prom at the last minute.
Addison had a sign up sheet for the prom committee. Addison gave Jan the names of the people.
Bailey was having a bbq with family.  Dad lit the bbq and Bailey got everything organised in the kitchen then they brought the food outside.
Bailey married another woman after an ugly break up with the first wife.
Bailey could not see and backed Ash's car over the dog.
Tracy was always good so she decided to try out for the professional team.
Casey and their boyfriend broke up, so Casey destroyed every one of the photos they had taken.
As a great favor to their old friend, Taylor took Kendall's dog on a walk.
Austing decided to write a long detailed paper on the subject.
Aubrey and Addison were friends but Aubrey burnt the bridge between them.
Robin gave Casey a blow horn. She would later regret it because it is loud.
Tracy blazed down the trail on her new bike for the first time.
During the birthday party for her sister, Sasha shared their toys with the other children.
Carson lived a mile away from the toxic waste dump explosion from last week.
Taylor knew a rumor about Alex and Taylor told Alex what was going on.
Riley became a father after many years of waiting for a miracle.
Sydney and Casey had fallen out so when Sydney saw Casey infront of them at the park, they move around Casey.
Aubrey awaited patiently for Cameron to return her phone call from earlier that day.
While cleaning out the attic, Ash came to realize they had too much stuff.
Lee gave Remy the key to the car that they were going to borrow.
skylar got a call from the library so she brought the book back.
Sydney was at soccer tryouts for the school team. Sydney saw an opening and shot the ball into the net to make a goal.
Carson supported every team at the tournament, regardless of which side they represented.
Robin couldn't keep a secret and told my mom.
Alex was seeing what color Aubrey's eyes were. Alex looked at Aubrey closely.
We spent at most an hour with Remy at the hospital for her stroke.
Riley went to a pool to take a swim and had a fun time with Austin.
Austin and Quinn were at a pub with karaoke.  Austin dared Quinn to sing but Quinn was horrified and said never so Austin secretly and put Quinn's name down.
Taylor has been facing some health concerns. It's a particularly nice day outside and Taylor chooses to walk to work.
Alex told their friend Jim to help him with some issues they were having.
Carson put money in Sydney's hands for the work they did.
Jordan took his sister to the circus.  They like to make their sister happy.
Jesse was paying a penalty for a crime. Jesse did community service yesterday.
Ash wanted to make a cake for their birthday because they made the best cakes in town.
Remy didn't brood over the messy breakup and started their new life instead.
Remy called my mom when I didn't want to go home.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for five hours to make sure that it looked very nice.
Robin saw that Jesse was uncomfortable so she asked Jesse if he would like to leave.
Riley got Robin an opportunity at work and soon began sweeping the floors everyday.
Sydney wanted to talked to Riley, so they wanted for them in the hallway after class.
Bailey gave me a present for my birthday.  Others would want to do the same.
Lee created Riley a soothing atmosphere on the big date that night.
Even though they have been together for 10 years, Jordan still managed Cameron's Relationships effectively. Cameron never did anything without Jordan's knowledge.
Quinn met a new man who was to be their boss but he totally ignored him.
Taylor had a very nice time with his friends and later drove them home.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner and ate a steak with some potatoes.
Kendall and Aubrey mounted horses and rode down the trail that day.
Jan came home in time to see her brother start walking by himself.
Bailey took fate into their own hands and decided to sacrifice others to their Odin god.
Tracy said they would try the new restaurant with them later.
Lee was a very important person and meant something people.
Austin slammed Sasha's hand in a high five gesture ever so gently.
Jesse wanted to treat his friends, so he took money to a bar.
Jesse told their friend last night that the others wanted to be invited also.
Carson fell asleep before he could set his alarm. Addison set Carson's alarm for him.
Bailey was driving too slow on the highway and cars were honking. Bailey went ahead and hit the gas pedal.
Lee made Quinn's way down seem trivial in comparison after clumsily taking a long time to complete the competition.
Bailey wanted a bike so badly she plotted how to get it.
Sydney took the lead during the competitive track race.
Remy invited all their friends and family, but no one was able to show up.
Sydney and Austin were sitting in the library while Sydney read Austin the riot act.
Lee gave Robin the pleasure of being able to work with them.
Skylar was speeding on a highway. They got a warning.
Addison saved up their money to buy the car of their dreams.
Ash played tricks on his parents all the time and one day they got hurt.
Skylar was really frustrated at the jokes Jan was telling today.
Kai hired his best friend immediately after the friend lost their job.
Addison would rather clean than go to the dentist for a checkup.
It was the weekend and Sydney was feeling very bored. Sydney invited their friend over to play.
Skylar tutored Carson and helped him get an A on the test.
Riley wanted to try something new and decided to try ballet.
Lee and her friends studied late, but lee was the only one to get to the tesitng site on time.
Wanting to improve their knowledge of karate, Kai taught lessons to students.
Quinn knew that Remy loved animals. He wanted Remy to be happy.
Sydney walked beside Tracy while listening to the story of how Tracy's boyfriend left.
Jesse was a lawyer advising Tracy on a court case involving murder and a life sentence.
Riley noticed the sun has been bothering their eyes a lot lately. While driving to work Riley holds up their hand to block the sun from their eyes.
Riley became a father to a baby for the very first time after being up all night with his wife in labor.
Casey wanted to surprise Jan for their anniversary. Casey got Jan a present.
Jan started to ring the bell to signal the end of class to the students.
Jan made lots of money at the new firm in the big city.
Carson graduated at the top of his class.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to have fun so they were thinking of places to go.
Lee and Casey drove their kids home from school.
Cameron went into the kitchen to get a snack. When finished, Cameron turned the lights off.
Addison found the bottle in the trash after looking for it around the house.
Austin was controlled by Jesse's subconscious,a believe that Jesse is a ghost.
Tracy gave Bailey the opportunity to study overseas if she wanted to.
Jesse entered Sasha's room last. It was always dirty inside.
Remy improved the drawing by providing color and it was the best painting of all time.
Although Jan did not always approve of her children's life choices, she supported her children to the fullest extent.
Casey stuck up for his friend to the other man.
Taylor was promoted to general and planned the attack on the enemy.
Kendall sat down one day with all her paperwork and prepared her taxes before the deadline.
Skylar took their daughter fishing. The daughter was very good at it.
Skylar was expecting her first child with Addison and the doctor said that the baby was healthy.
Sydney accomplished Tracy's objectives. They felt accomplished after the mission.
Taylor wanted his paper to look more likes Jesse's did format wise.
Ash assisted his father in understanding all of the paper work that day.
Remy had been broke for quite some time but she ended up finding money in the sector.
Quinn read Kai book about the dangers of smoking a lot of cigarettes.
Jan made Kendall hold their tongue when their teacher did something silly.
Carson took Sydney to her favorite place for their first date after a long friendship.
Addison had stopped working at his job after winning $10 Million in the state lottery.
Sydney put flowers in the vase and cleaned the house before everyone arrived.
Jan got Jesse's parents to show them the act they rehearsed.
Jesse held Jan's dog in contempt for years but found out later it wasn't the dog's fault.
Kendall wanted a new bike. Kendall got Casey's old dirty bike from their parents.
Jordan had a plan on how to get an A on the group project, and enlightened their group members about the plan.
Sasha was due home for Christmas.  The family expected Sasha home on Friday but Sasha arrived two days later after some partying at college.
Jesse lost their voice in the noise that was on the internet.
Sasha had drove to the busy mall, and was able to find an open parking spot.
Sydney kept a close watch on their daughter at the park, while their daughter played on the swings.
aubrey was helping lee so she read his paper to check for errors.
Robin took a test and got a really good grade on it and told her parents.
After keeping the secret from everyone at the office for years. Jan finally got it off her chest and told Casey's coworkers about their divorce.
After receiving an unexpected gift Kendall choked back the tears of gratitude.
Robin took Cameron's examination so that they would pass the test.
Lee protected them from the competition during the struggles of doing business.
Sydney gave it to their mother after it was asked for.
Tracy went nowhere but really enjoyed the time they spent doing so.
Addison gave the money back. It was too much for them to accept.
Robin ran some tests and found out that their new patient was infected with Ebola.
jordan used carson's array when carson was not looking at him.
An angel came unto Robin and Ash and Ash knelt and raised his hands in fear and awe.
Addison played the piano very well at the recital.
Casey and Kai were both taking a final test for their Science class. Casey had not prepared well enough, and sitting behind Kai, decided to look over her shoulder.
Cameron was going to meet up with them to satisfy their needs but realized she did not have enough gas to get there.
Jesse changed Ash's diaper in the washroom of the store.
Riley couldn't afford to go to school. Quinn helped Riley and got them an education.
Kai gave people money to go get some food.
Addison's dog was hungry so they gave their dog food to eat.
Cameron went to the park with their friends and had a lot of fun with them.
Yesterday it snowed and Austin got the day off from work. Austin spent the time watching a movie.
Austin slept for the rest of the night after the long day at work.
Kai was in a meeting when she realized she needed to use the bathroom. She kindly interrupted the speaker to say that she will visit the ladies room and return within five minutes.
Addison talked to Remy like he was no good at all.
Tracy thought they might want it so she took it to them at their house.
Addison preached Christianity to the captives to try to make them feel better.
Quinn spent the money after his television broke and he needed a new one.
Despite the warnings from her parents and other friends, Sasha became Casey's friend.
Sasha spent a whole day studying because the big test was the next day.
Austin advised the team on all matters related to the big project they had to get done for work.
Cameron answered another call and the customer was angry and called them names.
Sydney met Addison halfway and they were able to come to an agreement on marriage.
At the carboot sale, Jan persuaded the man to take the old ornament that Jan was selling.
Today is a Valentine day.  Alex made a card for her boyfriend.
Sydney introduced a plan further to amend the document before the meeting.
quinn wanted to benefit herself and she succeeded and played skylar's feelings in the process.
Lee decided to ignore Riley.  Therefore, Riley stopped teasing Lee for a while.
Quinn told Remy that they needed to answer the question they had.
lee was shutting down the store so he closed the door behind sydney.
Tracy tried to help Jesse get through an issue they were having.
Kendall Express Jordans opinion after reading his sign language in class.
Remy's mom wanted to see Aubrey's dress. Aubrey showed Remy's mom.
Jesse was a teacher at a local school and during class Jesse wrote instructions on the board for the pupils.
Alex took a pregnancy test to help confirm if she was pregnant or not.
The mission was too hard to do alone, so Quinn required Alex's effort to complete the mission.
Jesse finally completed the task after working on it for hours.
Bailey bought everything Kendall needed to start her first day at school.
She had been working for hours and Bailey finally finished and put away her homework.
Tracy climbed the ladder that was pushed against her house.
Aubrey was the doctor's newly hired nurse and after listening to the patient determined the patient's illness.
Remy watched the olympics on the tv they just bought from the store the other day.
Remy moved the needle on the record in order to change the song to a new one.
Quinn called the landlord to file a complaint about his neighbor's drug use.
Kai asked Addison's parents for one more day before he had to pay them back the money.
Tracy's mom needed help moving, so Tracy helped her out.
Taylor put the ingredients in a bowl and mixed them together to make the casserole.
As Remy tried to leave the scene of the crime, Bailey stood in his way.
Riley fell down and smacked his head on the tile and was pretty sure he had suffered a concussion as a result.
Ash told Sydney about the thing she had forgotten when she left college.
Aubrey was house sitting for Bailey and went and got the tree some more water.
skylar wanted to eat breakfast so she put the eggs in the pan.
Robin provided shelter for Kendall's children. Robin was always one to help people in times of need.
Addison didn't go away despite them being told to.
cameron wanted to make new friends so he talked to bailey's friend.
Ash wanted to reminded Sasha about their date, so Ash texted Sasha earlier today.
Remy had a drawing assignment from school. Remy saw the elephant at the zoo.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed but Alex was reluctant to offer their help.
Quinn wants to buy ingredients to make breakfast.
Bailey was hired by neighbors and so Bailey took their dog to the dog walking park.
Jan took a plane to Las Vegas so that she could go to the big trade show.
Carson got all the ingredients for supper, and then decided to get takeout instead.
Jordan drove slower so he could yell at the person in the car he passed.
Carson performed Lee's task when Lee had been sick.
Taylor impressed upon you the stringent standards of the prestigious school when you were first accepted.
Kai walked in late and missed part of it, so Ash explained the situation to Kai.
Taylor ordered the book that everybody had been looking forward to reading.
Jordan got there early so as to get ready for the job interview.
Taylor had a movie night but the TV seemed broken. Taylor got the TV working.
Even though Quinn's other friends had given up on them, Addison didn't go away.
As school council representative for the past year, Riley served their class well.
Addison got into a big fistfight at the school.
Kendall took us all to the museum the last time we saw him before he passed away last summer.
Jesse just got a credit card, but then Jesse spent too much money online.
Riley asked Robin to return their wallet and Robin agreed to return it to the owner.
Tracy was new at work and she tried to make new friends.
alex lost his job and had debt so he was homeless and needed a home.
Instead of writing his own paper for class, Riley used Remy's words.
Robin got my hair cut at a new stylist in town that was getting good reviews.
Quinn had to decide which outfit to wear to the wedding. It was a tough decision so he hummed and hawed while trying to decide.
Carson bought a bike for their son just in time for his birthday.
Sydney kept Lee apart from them when Lee couldn't play as well as her friends.
Sydney set her shoulder on the wheel to rest after she broke it in a car wreck.
Robin fought an enemy they had that would not let them leave.
As she watched her favorite singer perform, Jordan knew from that moment she wanted to be a singer.
kai was a conservative person so he turned the lights off.
Lee brought their things and the catch back home.
Carson seemed like they wanted to focus on work. Kai left Carson alone.
Riley is trying to fix a broken car in a garage.
Addison noticed their backdoor was broken and opened, so Addison quickly called the police.
Jesse like to share her life on Facebook, so Jesse shared Jordan's love poem.
Taylor likes to make all of the sibling fight by making up lie. Taylor made up a lie and had Kai attack their brother.
Jan gave Bailey another shot of whiskey even though Jan was wasted.
Robin cleared Kai's mind in a therapy session that they had with Kai.
Austin bought a new dress to give to Stacy which made Stacy very pleased.
Tracy made Bailey a sandwich out of mud and dried up snail bits.
Jordan held back tears as best they could, but the funeral of their best friend was overwhelming.
Bailey is a judge in a state court system.
Since Sydney's parents were negligent and abusive, Sydney lived with Carson's parents.
Jan needed new sneakers so she went to the mall to try on shoes.
Caey really enjoyed sports and was excited to be asked to join the team.
Skylar was using Kai's power drill but lost it.
Alex thought he was simply another person in the audience until they called him on stage.
Taylor said Bailey would leave, but Bailey stayed all night and never left.
Alex made Aubrey take two hours to get to his house.
Sasha's car broken down on the highway and desperately needs someone to come help.
Bailey yielded to Sydney offering to pay since she had such a bigger income.
Robin gave the beggar money even though it was the only money Robin had.
Sasha knew that Riley was extremely upset at her, and expected Riley to attack her when Riley got home.
Tracy kept Jesse's counsel when every they had an issue.
Alex was angry and acting erratic about the fact that Jesse lied to him, which made Jesse nervous.
Jesse told Robin's parents about it because he saw the robbers and it was the right thing to do.
Kendall put their food in the trash and then left the area as quick as possible.
Tracy gave Kendall a big ego after complimenting her multiple times.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction in their relationship so Robin decided to propose marriage.
Sydney introduced a plan further to amend the way that things were handled at work.
Robin kept Kendall on ice about the whole situation.
Jesse is a fierce individual that always loves facing every challenge.
Sasha told Tracey they looked good, and proceeded to make comments about Tracey's looks all day.
Carson called everyone in his office then sent the people to the assembly.
Ash held Jordan's gaze in the staring competition and it was a heated battle.
Sydney was traveling to see Aubrey, but had left Aubrey's stuff at their house on accident.
Addison made Jordan´s favorite shirt some adjustment to make it look better.
Lee reached for his phone and looked at it, deciding whether to call.
David was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy told Jan to take it from the store even though it was illegal.
Lee had no choice but to react strongly to his possessions being taken without permission.
Riley read the book and learned a lot about life and spirituality.
Aubrey just moved to a new town so she went to all the best local spots.
Aubrey devoted their energy to the work and was pleased when they achieved success.
Jordan got on one knee and gave her an engagement ring.
Aubrey sent their kitten to die because they couldn't afford the bill at the vet.
Taylor discussed various financial situations for Remy as his financial planner. He coupled Remy with interest.
Sasha caught the frisbee back with her leg in the park even though she does not have hands.
Quinn played games on Kai's computer all night that night until they won.
Bryson was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney increased their productivity by switching from one task to another before finishing the first task.
Jan was busy with other chores, so Remy put Jan's toy away.
Riley established close ties in the area before opening a business.
Jan was earger to get in, but she waited her turn.
Casey rented the smaller apartment instead of the more expensive one.
Robin gave the beggar money because he looked hungry and cold.
Sydney's advice lasted Skylar a lifetime and Skylar made the right choices.
Kai  moved Kendall's hips and showed her the dance moves before the recital.
Remy did not trust their friend and said they could not use their car.
Jordan shared some of her food with Casey who  did not have any.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's order and let her fight the enemy alone.
Robin started school early because they forgot to study for their test last night.
Tracy used their skateboard as a means of transportation because they don't have a car.
Alex was a controlling person in the land. Alex governed every territory that he came across.
Jordan looked back up at Aubrey to make sure she was alright.
Taylor bought some food and brought it home to eat.
The sky was shining brightly while Tracy was stuck inside so she stared out the window.
Casey had appointed Riley to be their lawyer at the trial.
Taylor gave a speech in front of a classroom.
Kai fixed their roof at no charge since they were unable to pay.
After thinking about the issue, Tracy tried every thing to solve it.
Kendall didn't want to sit next to Remy. Kendall put books in Remy's place.
Bailey was gardening. They pushed up daisies to make room for roses.
Taylor is responsible for reporting at work, she looked closely at a new report.
Tracy spent all of their money then realized it too late.
Jordan hid the money they stole from their parents under their pillow.
After going around a corner too fast, Riley hit a pole with the golf cart.
Jan wrote an article about Addison in the school paper.
Ash looked for the coat at all the posh shops.
Jan had a lot of pain from hiking to the top of the highest mountain.
Carson read Jan's letter and was so mad about it that they needed to talk to Jan.
Ash looked at the daggers. They were old WW2 artifacts from Nazi Germany.
Sasha was a moderate, she varied her political opinion often, within limits.
Kai created an app in his spare time that he hoped would be useful.
Sydney wanted to hang out at the mall with Addison. Sydney met Addison halfway from home from school.
Jesse pulled Kendall's child by hand towards Kendall after the party.
Lee dropped his phone in the toilet and watched as it went into the hole.
Tracy had to designate a person to be their emergency contact at their place of work.
Tracy protected Austin's skin from the sun since he had a really bad sunburn.
Taylor couldn't stand the idea of living alone, so Taylor kept Jan around.
After their huge fight, Jan won Sydney back thankfully and swore to change her ways.
Austin punched Alex in the face on accident and they were sorry about it.
Alex woke up extra early in the morning and got ready.
Bailey called up all of her friends and asked them to meet her at the local orchard.
Lee sent Riley's toy army to the box to give as a donation to the kids.
Quinn wanted to be friends with the new neighbor that moved next door so asked them to play.
Lee hired a tutor to help Carson with her math homework that year.
Austin kept the dog back which was barking very aggressively at people.
Remy sold Carson's jacket at a reasonable price despite Carson not wanting it sold.
Ayden was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Addison went to the track and ran 5 miles before going back to the car and driving home.
Skylar needed money. He decided to break into a bank by cutting a hole in the wall.
Riley gave Tracy's candy away because she wasn't supposed to eat it with having braces.
kai was a conservative person so he turned the lights off.
Remy took a quick nap before practicing for the game.
Kai asked someone for a ride but they said they were too busy.
Remy was curious about Kendall's religious views. Kendall impressed upon Remy her values.
Ash made a snappy remark after they overheard their friend talking about them.
Jan called it quits after being forced to work a double shift at work.
Alex told Kai she did not want trouble when Kai threatened a lawsuit.
Casey and Jan went to a pizza parlor and had lunch together.
Carson was in the hospital and Quinn needed to inform their mother.
Austin derived their weaknesses from the knowledge that they consented to unfair terms.
Addison was going to meet Aubrey at the play that night. Aubrey gave Addison direction's to the play so she would make it on time.
Casey rubbed at Austin's eyes to make fun of Austin for not being able to see.
Quinn took their children for a walk in the big park in the middle of the town.
Aubrey bought a few lottery tickets and was excited. Aubrey got their hopes up.
Alex played monopoly with the family and had a good time.
Addison maximized Bailey's shops profits by cutting costs and revamping the schedule.
Carson wanted to impress the girl in band class, so Carson learned to play the trumpet.
Remy spent some time writing the first draft a novel that was to be published.
Robin kept Ash's cool by giving her a nice tub of yummy ice cream.
Tracy took money to the market to buy ingredients for the family dinner.
When the editor failed to show up until late, Alex got the meeting under way.
Bailey told about the time they got arrested in order to scare the kids a little so they would behave.
Cameron's father wanted to ask Casey about Cameron, so Casey went out with Cameron's father to talk.
Quinn was giving a presentation but noticed everyone was looking away so Austin turned their attention towards Quinn.
Riley went out to the bar last night. Riley got very drunk and stumbled home.
riley wanted to go to a historically good college so she showed the college to their parents.
Aubrey bought a pair of pants for their friend and gave them away to them.
Aubrey worked hard and succeeded with every obstacle they faced and became a success.
Jan played soccer professionally and decided to put on a camp.
They finally arrived at the house and Kai turned the key.
Addison returned to their car after a night hanging out at a restaurant.
Addison even hired her enemy. She knew that this would not be well taken.
Lee fired another weapon into the air as they celebrated Independence Day.
Jesse called the exterminator to make sure they didn't get a problem with bugs.
Sydney found the building on fire and had to call the fire department to put the flames out.
Cameron saw a movie at a film festival. He interpreted the movie in a way that was unique.
casey was a wealthy person so he raised money to buy more.
Casey fought another man and won another contest, making them the undefeated champion.
Robin got their bearings. They knew how to get home.
Casey was still in high school when she got pregnant.
Aubrey ate the same desert every night before she laid down.
Riley made plans to hangout with Skylar.
Jordan has a large collection of stamps, but it is too big. Jordan got rid of the collection altogether.
Jordan got Tracy's attention at the party to talk to her.
Quinn also gave a donation to the church when they went to the church.
Riley had just installed a new wifi router, so they gave their family access to the new internet password.
Addison stayed home with Aubrey and had a Netflix and chill kind of night.
Bella was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee kept his lips sealed which showed everyone he could keep a secret.
Bailey made Austin's enemy angry while they were at school.
Taylor was playing a game a basketball with his friends after suiting up into game ready gear.
Riley stayed friends with everyone after they moved away.
Kendall woke up grumpy from the night before. Kendall got out of bed on the wrong side.
Robin kept the family together after her parent's untimely deaths.
Lee minded another computer while their friend used the one they were at.
Bailey needed a new cell phone after their last one stopped working. Bailey went to the cell phone store.
Taylor told her patient what he should be doing in order to improve his health.
Finally able to work to help the family, Alex gave money to their mother.
Addison put the folders in order at work and made everything neat.
Jesse was renting an apartment from Kai. Jesse took the key in Kai's hands.
Sasha told Quinn to meet her at the restaurant instead of letting Quinn pick her up.
Austin scored a touchdown after doing their best to score it.
Robin supported their wife's ambitions because they are kind and generous.
Alex packed up their gear and set off for the day hiking in the mountains.
Kendall found a new toy and played with it at their home in the tub.
Carson went hunting with Skylar together in the woods nearby their childhood homes.
Skylar constructed another argument right before everybody left.
The food Sasha had been cooking smelled great.
Bailey went to the store about bought everything Kendall needed.
Carson admire Aubrey's sense of fashion and started to take in her sense of style.
Tracy saved Taylor's friend's souls by helping them get to church one day.
Aubrey forged Riley's alliance and they had a prosperous partnership that lasted decades.
Austin never let go of his dream and finally won an award for his music.
Addison was hurt and could not continue working for the day.
Sydney actions that they chose to do served the interests of the group.
Bailey judged the lack of righteousness by that man because he was yelling at a large group of people.
Quinn was mentored by Lee's father and followed his examples whenever he possible could.
Aubrey cut my hair and the others were disappointed when she said she was done for the day.
Kai was cut from the team because of his low skill.
Skylar was trying to surprise Quinn with her wedding dress. Skylar caught Quinn peeking.
Carson took Jordan's hand in Cameron's hand so that they would feel more comfortable.
Lee saw sharks in the water but jumped in anyways without skipping a beat.
Riley gave the boy socks for a gift for Christmas.
Jan asked Lee what has wrong after he fell down the hill.
Taylor is having trouble paying the bills. They need to find a job.
according to the article Cameron thanked the crowd for supporting them.
Bailey purchased a new phone that had a lot of new features.
Robin's interest in fine arts was felt by Jan when they went to the museum.
Austin knew there were going to be many different people at the store that day.
Kendall got so good at swimming over the summer that no one could recognize her at swim club.
Kai ate their fill during the only meal of the day.
Jan called Kai's friend to check if Kai is going to the dance.
Sydney lost faith rapidly in his team as they were losing badly to the other team.
Alex had a date later so he made preparations. Alex also read quickly the article he wanted to finish.
Casey put Carson in the car before they drove to the park to have some fun.
Skylar sang and played the piano when they were at the concert.
Sasha played basketball well and was able to join the national leagues after university.
Aubrey spent all her money with their children since they could afford a nice Christmas.
Alex's mission was fulfilled and completed by Addison who was determined.
Kai's opinion was affected by Carson's but then she realized he was wrong.
Casey taught Addison trade skills. Addison applied Casey's trade skills in front of a supervisor and told the supervisor they learned them from Carson.
Alex led his daughter to Christ with a gentle hand and firm guidance.
Sasha and Carson were hiking but heard a wolf howl. Sasha saw fear in Carson's face.
Kai politely asked the attendees to form an orderly queue.
Kendall and Aubrey took care of their dog and gave it a treat.
Quinn was so happy about the news, she picked Austin up and spun him around.
Alex desperately wanted to make his mother a cake so he decided to do it for her birthday.
Aubrey wanted to wear her new tennis shoes to school.
Bailey loved to help the environment. Bailey hardly drove their car to work.
Taylor was a doctor and was helping a patient. They issued a prescription to fill.
Alex was rushing on the highway to go home.
Tracy got a text from her boyfriend to meet at a restaurant near by so she left the party.
Casey was afraid of the scary old house but knew they needed to go inside. Casey completes the task despite their fear of creepy old houses.
Even though she blocked the entire TV screen, Kai stood right in front of Sasha.
Riley's family warmly complimented Kendall for the breakfast she made and for her excellent cooking skills, which made her feel good.
Ash gave Jesse the stink eye after Jesse let the team down at the competition.
Taylor and Quinn had known each other for a long time, but it wasn't until they found a hobby in common that they became friends.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys while he grabbed his wallet.
Kai made a wish to meet new friends blowing out his birthday candles with his parents.
Bailey showed Quinn how to play and developed their interest in sports.
Aubrey believed they would lead the group. However, there was a misunderstanding and she was wrong.
Tracy who always hated Quinn finally attained Quinn's object through thievery.
Tracy and Skylar are friends who haven't seen each other lately. They agree to meet at the train station. Tracy makes sure to be on time.
Quinn changed their tire after the tire fell apart when they were on the road.
Kendall was helping a patient at the nursing home. Kendall stretched lee's legs.
tracy was trying to help but her incompetence caused sydney damage.
Lee got so angry by how his friends were disgracing themselves he flipped their lid.
Quinn missed the weather forecast on TV and asked Austin to describe it for him.
Carson was mixing paint on the table. He mixed many colors and eventually made a mess on the table.
Kai blew the car to kingdom come after the witness got in the passenger seat.
Lee came into Quinn headfirst and was knocked out and was still tagged out.
Kendall performed the speech on their behalf at city hall for a hour or two.
They won the award because they cheated and deflated the ball but no one found out.
Taylor liked to eat spicy food but it always makes her sick.
After much waiting and playing around, Remy finally decided to ask Jordan out for a seafood dinner.
Jesse lost thier phone. Remy searched for it and eventually got Jesse's phone back.
Riley joined the army when they graduated from high school and didn't want to go to college.
Sydney shone like the sun after giving the speech and got a lot of claps because of this act.
It was a nice day, and their kids were bouncing off the walls, so Skylar took them to a park.
In his first visit to the Italian restaurant, Kai didnt enjoy the flavoring so he added water to the pasta to lessen the taste.
Jesse was recently released from prison and was feeling lonely. Jesse sought love from others.
Sasha developed Austin's positive attitude by giving him a lot of encouragement.
Kendall had OCD so she touched another pen until she finally touched 5.
Austin expressed their willingness to rally against the terrorist regime.
Cameron cast chaos upon the earth.  They threatened other nations by showing their country's nuclear power.
Casey spent the evening with Jan gazing at the stars and dreaming of their future.
Sydney decided to take this business job because it would get her a better home loan.
Carson gave some advice to his son on how to be polite to girls.
Kendall drove the children to school which did everyone a huge favor.
The group decided to stop at a store on 5th avenue since Bailey saw clothes they liked in the window.
Jesse was riding his bike without knee pads. Jesse scraped his knees.
Riley called Jesse today after realizing she almost forgot his birthday.
Cameron moved Riley's things and had a nice drink after the workout.
Quinn was playing football and caught the football in the air.
Robin frightened the dog away after they yelled at them.
Bailey had a large splinter so Addison made an incision on Bailey.
Austin had a bit of a stutter and was very embarrassed by it.
Robin served food to everyone and they all had a big meal with some coffee.
Remy started to hurt all over and decided to skip going to the doctor looking for self-care.
Even though they were terrified to dying, Cameron fought their battles bravely and survived.
Casey practiced for a long time and was able to perform the song effectively.
Austin took Riley to see a doctor to make sure they were ok.
Taylor fulfilled his obligations for the summer internship at the law firm.
Carson wanted to congratulate Jessica and arranged a party, getting their friends together.
Addison needed dog food.  They visited the pet store yesterday.
Quinn played badminton whenever he had the chance to.
Skylar made Quinn crazy when she kept asking questions.
Sasha needed to ask Carson's friend a question so Sasha texted them.
Riley left their job after she was scolded about her work productivity.
Remy bought tickets for the children and they happily hugged and kissed her.
Aubrey wanted to know the price of the specials, so Aubrey asked the waitress a question.
Jessie was wearing sneakers instead of work boot at the job site.
Remy could see that the dogs would be in pain forever due to their deformed legs so she had them amputated so they could be happy again.
Addison persuaded themselves to take their time in order to avoid failure again.
Even though sworn to secrecy, Jordan couldn't keep the secret.
kendall was a risk taking person so she drove fast.
aubrey was a flirtatious woman so she played a role in the affairs.
aubrey went fishing together with addison and bob at the new pier.
Alex knew that Bailey was lonely.  He hoped that he could make her happy.
Bailey brought food outside and set it out for all the hungry party attendees.
Sasha really wanted to impress her boss so she always gave 110% to her work.
After the company closed down, Jesse went job hunting in the city.
Jan finished Skylar's work so that Skylar wouldn't spread Jan's dirty secret.
Tracy tightened the noose around Riley's neck and went to the lever on the box.
Kai did push ups but ended up hurting their arms.
Jordan got ill yesterday and had to be admitted into the hospital thus missing work today.
After telling her boss she was sick, Sasha returned home from work to get ready for her lunch date with her friends.
Kai became sick with the flu, but they turned out pretty well after a few days.
Jordan used Alex's instrument without asking Alex's permission first, and then accidentally broke it.
Skylar dropped her phone in the toilet so she needed a new phone.
Remy asked for Jordan's pardon for commiting the sin that day.
Jesse wanted to try Bailey's tea, so they took a small sip of it.
Quinn saw the toy was broken and wasn't good to use anymore.
When she pushed the stroller through the park, Riley protected their faces from the sun.
Remy baited Kai's hook, since Kai had never been fishing before and was clueless.
Alex told Taylor the way they needed to go to get to the goal.
Robin assumed Sydney's expression was one of anger, because Sydney was yelling at the time.
Sydney tried to convince Remy to leave her job but Remy didn't.
Charlotte was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee frightened away animals who were just trying to get something to eat.
Skylar decided to hire a tutor to improve their science grade.
Aubrey led their team to victory by scoring the last goal.
Skylar helped the animal to understand why he could not bite others.
Addison and Kendall had been having a lot of problems in their relationship over the past few months, so when Kendall said they needed to think things over, Addison allowed Kendall time.
Cameron put the little Christmas tree outside so all his friends could put their ornaments on it.
Quinn found and cut some coupons before going grocery shopping.
Alex needed to take the dog to the vet. Alex took the dog.
Kai was so relieved that her children were okay that Kai gave them a huge hug.
Ash and their family ate lunch together after being apart for a while.
Kai took Casey to school because his mother was sick.
Taylor made Kai play their best for the other team when they were down a person.
Jordan got rid of the collection altogether, rather than hold onto all the painful memories.
Lee's child wants to go to a prestigious expensive college. Lee cooked food at home to save money most of the time.
Austin wanted to do something with his life. Austin joined the military.
Cameron brought Taylor home. They talked for a minute and the Cameron left, he was hungry and tired.
Quinn looked Bailey in the eyes confessing their love for Bailey but Bailey ignored them.
Kendall saw a deer that was dead in the road and she was sad about it.
Kendall washed up after dinner after their parents told them to do the dishes.
Carson went to pay for the groceries but suddenly realized that he left his wallet at home.
Quinn told Bailey that she looked really nice in the dress she had.
Jordan could figure out the problem so Robin helped them understand it.
Sasha drove home very quickly to avoid the traffic she thought about.
Ash's car broke down on the highway. Casey got Ash's car fixed.
Kai was an evil CPS caseworker who plotted to take Riley's kids for profit.
Alex felt very tired after a long day at work. Alex relaxed and watched the show.
Skylar doesn't like fishing, but their little brother wouldn't stop chattering about it. Skylar decides to take their little brother fishing.
Addison made an incision in Bailey to get a bullet out.
Cameron always got the right answer because she read the book before going to class.
Remy's birthday was tomorrow and Alex bought them a gift. Alex put the gift into Remy's hands.
Robin knew that Kendall was ready to take the opportunity, but kept him on ice until the right time.
Jan picked berries because she wanted to bake a delicious blueberry pie.
Cameron provided Tracy's income data so that taxes could be properly filed.
Sasha fed all the others who were starving and this made their day better.
Addison is a doctor that is dedicated in helping people. she helps improve the health of her patients.
Ash found love using dating app for the first time in 55 years.
Lee blew Kendall's cover after he was trusted as the second man of the group.
Sasha went out for a long morning jog at the local park.
Addison was beginning to get in shape. They decided to run instead of walk.
Alex seemed to notice that someone had been watching him.
Sydney picked Jordan's favorite food to cook for dinner and started preparing the meal.
Austin called Sydney last night to apology for his mistakes, but Sydney didn´t answer.
Alex didn't care about the long term consequences of their actions.
Cameron told Jesse's friends about it so they would know too.
Sydney put flowers on the grave of her monther when she was back in town.
Due to how Kendall's kids behaved very properly, Sydney had to ask their ages.
Casey realized their old, weak fan would be ineffective during the upcoming heatwave, so Casey bought a new fan and replaced it.
Alex had a fun party at his house with his friends and people he knew.
Sydney went to the bakery and bought some cake for the party that night.
Jordan rested her fingers on Riley's hands as she looked into his eyes.
Cameron aced their exam after cramming for the test the night before.
Bailey wiped the sweat from Skylar's brow with her fresh shirt that day.
Quinn changed their tires two times but they kept going flat for an unknown reason.
Bailey persuaded her friend to go to the party with her that afternoon.
Lee couldn't see because of the tears in their eyes. Jesse wiped the tears from Lee's eyes.
Riley made fun of Sydney at the school that they both attended every day.
After waking up Saturday morning, Aubrey made blueberry pancakes for all of their children.
Casey took Austin chances to win the big pot at bingo on Saturday.
Bailey sorrowfully confessed to cheating on Jan.
Austin's plan proved a little difficult to carry out, so Austin abandoned the plan altogether.
Alex needed to lost 70 pounds and began to run.
Cameron headed toward Robin with his fists clenched.
Lee gave a pop quiz to the class to see what they had learned.
Kendall Grabbed Skylars arms before he could take a swing at the girl.
Ash ran a red light and ran into pedestrians.
Wanting to doll out punishment to everyone, Alex administered the lord's wrath.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter to take a look at all the new dogs.
Skylar continued to sabotage Quinn resulting in Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best.
Riley told Taylor they found gold, but in reality, they only found one tiny piece of silver.
Remy found a girl who was injured and volunteered to take her to the hospital.
Austin rode a bike down the street and waved at all of their neighbors.
Remy has several degrees and has a very rich vocabulary.
Austin visited Skylar's lonely uncle while Skylar was away on a business trip.
Bailey gave them all an accusing look and pointed their finger at them.
Before his leg injury during this football season Austin was much stronger.
After being stood up on a date, Quinn felt very lonely yesterday.
Tracy saved Taylor's friend's souls from going to the underworld that day.
Austin had a crush on Alex and didn't realize how much he was smiling at Alex.
Quinn watched the baby today for the first time and it was exhausting.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye before asking for her hand in marriage.
Austin bit Skylar's shoulder in jest when he walked by her.
Bailey was set apart from Sydney by their much higher grades and superior performance at sports.
Addison received detention after the fight, even though they were not the one who initiated the fight.
Sydney found a magazine to read and read it with giddiness.
Austin was in a rage while  driving so he maintained the speed at the highest level.
Ash ate lunch alone, but it was ok, because they preferred it that way.
Casey spent the evening with Jan as she was sick in the hospital.
Carson started his lawn mower but it was out of gas.
Bailey was taking so long that they missed the bus.
taylor enjoyed going to the mall so she went every day.
Kendall went places with her friends during the vacation to another country.
Jan established a relationship with Ash and they got close fast after beginning to date.
Riley wrote the book which took many months of planning and revising.
By sugar-coating the bad news, Austin reduced the impact and severity of the information.
Tracy got a great job at a law firm that she had been wanting to work at.
Remy cannot fit everyone in her car so she leaves one intoxicated friend behind.
Even though her error will cost the company in the long run, Lee took pity on Kendall.
Carson took off his shoes at the end of the day put on his slippers and took his shoes to the cabinet.
Sasha went to a baseball game. They were hungry and looking for food.
Kendall mounted Aubrey's horse and fell off as soon as she got on.
Casey got some candy and gave it to Jordan's son as an early Christmas present.
Lee carried out their plans.  They built an enterprise.
tracy hated math class so she made sure to not pay attention.
Sydney wanted Kai to stay home after it was getting dark and spooky.
Taylor allays Remy's ideas about the things they feared would happen to them.
Carson was very smart, so he won the trivia competition without much effort.
Quinn was the goalie on the soccer team and tried to block a shot.
kendall was a good mechanic so she was able to fix quinn's wagon.
Riley dipped Austin's head in the pool since he was so warm from being in the sun.
Tracy got very tired from all of the exercise she was doing.
Kai was a substitute teacher. Their job was miserable every day.
Addison waved to the cheering crowd that had gathered to greet her.
Carson stood against Addison's back to play the fun game.
Taylor went into their bosses office and started to go through the employee files.
Cameron rushed to the store on Black Friday and cut line to get in quicker.
While trying to get the snack out of the vending machine, Riley pushed Casey's fingers into the opening.
Aubrey got a brand new job for her daughter and her daughter liked it.
Skylar asked Quinn to see their new house, so Quinn took them on a tour of the mansion.
Austin grew up in a home where Austin's father and uncles were cops so Austin felt in common with cops.
Jesse decided to make some food when he got home from work.
Taylor layered their hair together to make it look it's best.
Sydney set eyes on Riley and would not look away.
robin gave the most among men and easily won the strong man competition that day.
Taylor was too drunk to drive home themselves. Taylor called a cab.
Remy spent a lot of time in a bar and met a man.
Robin had loaned Lee money last week. Lee got paid and paid Robin back promptly.
Even though she was alone, Riley made dinner anyway.
Sasha told Riley's mom that she could help her with the yard sale.
Jordan used their good credit score to secure a new home loan.
Jesse brought home a dog that was on the road every day.
Addison improved Carson's conditions with the new treatment assigned.
quinn realized that they could not work alone so quinn told addison a part of the plan.
cameron was bailey's brother so he spoke of her well.
After they realized that it was not really their mother's birthday Aubrey finished seving their breakfast in bed, anyway.
Skylar's friend is a sprinter. Taylor raced them.
Alex bought Carson's old phone because Carson just bought a new one.
Tracy received a makeover and Tracy felt young again.
Jordan hated their parents. Jordan worked hard to be a good parent and Jordan produced a loving family.
Quinn agreed to go with Taylor to the park but then never showed up.
Austin knew what to eat after finding out he had an allergy to peanuts.
Jan helped Cameron's family move into their new home.
Tracy finally went to the doctor after being sick for weeks with a cold.
Robin avenged their father's wrongdoing by return all the money they'd stolen from the neighbors.
Bailey was playing street hockey with their team. When Bailey tried to score a goal, Jan hit their leg hard with the stick.
Robin and Jordan bonded over the summer. Jordan told Robin much of their adventures.
Quinn had been practicing really hard for the big game and became more confident.
Looking to get rid of her old bed, Riley sold it on Ebay.
Jordan wanted to go to the mall with their friend and did.
Robin's alarm didn't go off that morning. Robin was running late to work as a result.
Bailey put away her clothes and cleaned up the room.
Sasha has two different jobs at the same factory.
Skylar mounted Kai response with a strong argument against it.
Riley went on a date and asked Remy questions about themselves.
Skylar got Addison's books back from their friend who borrowed them.
Cameron took an airplane to Japan during his yearly three week vacation.
Jesse wiped away their tears as they mourned their team's loss.
Alex gave the reporter an interview after the reporter had arranged an interview with Alex.
Sydney spent all morning thinking after her boyfriend broke up with her the night before.
Sasha's cat had kittens and had to give them up for adoption.
Jesse wiped away their tears after the argument with their parents.
Jordan expressed their appreciation to the people of the town that saved his life.
Riley went to work. They saw their boss.
Despite multiple warnings not to divulge details, Cameron told someone a secret.
Kai loves animals and she walks her dogs daily.
Casey met Sasha after the show and was excited to go get some food finally.
Addison used fire to keep warm when she got cold while camping.
Austin pulled Aubrey close after they got down from the car that took them to a date.
Alex was helping Carson get ready to go outside in the cold. Alex layered Carson's hands.
Remy took Taylor's car to the mechanic and got Taylor's bearings straitened.
Cameron was pretty bad at math, so she couldn´t pass the evaluation.
Alex snuck a microphone in front of Addison and made Addison's laugh louder.
Sasha tried bowling for the first time.
Kendall moved their furniture into their new apartment.
Kendall was experiencing flu symptoms and had a high fever. Jan took Kendall to a doctor, and the doctor prescribed medicine to treat the flu. Kendall picked up her prescription and took the medicine.
Jan pushed the pedal down and the car sped off away from the danger.
Sasha took Kendall to the store to buy some food for a cookout.
Jordan found an item on ebay that he wanted to get. Jordan placed a bid for this item.
Skylar met Alex for the last time in the coffee shop where they were known to get together.
Kendall had to go back to work after having a two week vacation.
Jan was giving a presentation to new employees and used Alex, their star employee as an example of the progress the new employees could make if they worked hard.
Sasha said she wanted to go see a really scare movie that night.
Jan got kidnapped by a male in the park but Riley followed and saw Jan in the back of the car so when the male went to the shop, Riley rescued Jan.
Jesse wanted to plan a trip so she called her family into the room.
Remy wanted to make sure the work as good so he took his time to complete it.
Remy put money in my wallet to help pay for party expenses for their birthday.
Tracy kept Bailey company and played a lot of fun games that evening.
Bailey decided to rob a bank and got caught right after he robbed the place.
Remy spent a lifetime teaching and retired at age fifty.
Even after their car broke down and they had no money, Riley still got home.
Tracy wanted to hear me but that wasn't possible because I was on the other side of the glass door.
Casey met RIley's mother after they dated for the first semester.
Sydney saw her house for the first time since the fire.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best. Skylar was always jealous of them.
Carson examined Skylar's work carefully and gave them an A for a grade.
In their article, Connecticut gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Sasha thanked her friends for coming to her birthday party and bringing presents.
Addison writes for a TV show and is busy in a writers room developing the season.
Jesse brought the dog along on the road trip because he loved it.
Riley forced Jan to enter the room so that everyone could yell "surprise" for her birthday.
Sydney did not share her ice cream cone with all of her friends that were with her.
A month after having a baby, Sasha invited their mom over to their house.
Bailey wanted to take up a new sport, so she learned to swim.
Riley brought Carson food when he was sick and it wasn't the best tasting food.
Jesse returned Riley's clothe back after dry-cleaned them with a thank you note and amazon gift card.
Ash was out walking when a storm began. Ash sought shelter in a restaurant.
Quinn gave Robin a discount on her candy at the store.
Remy put cream on Lee's face to help them with acne.
Jesse received a lot of support from Bailey's friends with their project at work.
lee was a charismatic person so he convinced her to follow him.
Addison went to the bank to get some of her money.
Kendall loved to play soccer but was cut from the soccer team.
Remy picked up the pace because Tracy was running very fast in the race.
When they were ten minutes late coming home from school, Jesse called her kids repeatedly.
Ash grabbed Carson's head and moved it quickly just as the ball flew past and narrowly missed them.
Jan visited Robin's parents every Sunday to make sure they were okay.
Jordan worked long and hard performing manual construction tasks on a sunny day.
Riley put food in a bag and headed to work for the day.
Lee determined a person's age just by looking at his eyes.
Carson spent the day in his office revamping the schedule. Later that day Carson announced to everyone the new schedule.
Alex led the fight by focusing and with punching towards the opponent's chin.
Remy got pretty good at lying after lying for his entire life.
Robin held the pieces together while I applied a thin line of glue to them.
Remy listened to their favorite song because they were happy about the day's events.
Addison got Skylar's money back from the thieves who stole it.
Cameron couldn't afford a haircut. Sasha cut Cameron's hair herself and it looked great.
Lee went and talked to a therapist when Lee accumulated a lot stresses and the depression got worse.
Taylor was useful and created the new system with Jordan.
bailey was not a winner but she also got a trophy.
Jordan started to feel better after taking some medication for their headache.
Jan improved their game by giving them some tips.
Alex had offered to host the village meeting at their fathers house. People were waiting for him outside when he arrived.
The crowd at the concert was getting wild. Alex kept the crowd under control by putting up gates.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in science by showing them a fun experiment.
Lee rushed upon Quinn the exciting news that day.
Jan is a doctor treating Addison for a disorder.
Roboin worked diligently to finish the project.
Ash gave Jordan a nice ring and Jordan was taken aback by it.
Remy was on Kendall's first trip abroad where she met her new boyfriend and got engaged.
Kai took Riley's kids with him to the zoo and they all had a great time.
Kai saw evil in Remy's eyes and called the priest to ask for an exorcism.
Kendall improved Kai's lot in life by getting Kai a brand new car for her birthday.
Bailey knew Robin was right about the rain and was sad she did not prepare.
Skylar ate dinner with their family after getting out of jail.
Alex had Quinn by the balls after Quinn tackled him on the field.
Addison made a good living as a surgeon at the hospital.
Sasha settled among people like Bailey when she realized she was a good influence.
Ash let them off with a warning after they failed their mid-terms.
Carson felt they would be ready by the time the siren stopped sounding.
Jan carried the box far to the other side of town.
Robin didn't study for the finally exam, so Riley got Robin the right answers.
Quinn held Aubrey's feet to the fire, trying to get Aubrey to give up the secrets.
Taylor made Quinn very angry when he was late to meet him for the movie.
Taylor left their toys in Austin's room.  They could not get them back because the door was locked.
Kai checked their mail and found out that they had some packages.
Sasha played her cards right and was able to win the contest and get money.
Kai prevented the man from passing before collecting the toll from him.
Cameron slammed on their brakes to avoid running into the curb.
Quinn found the time to help Robin paint their kitchen last week.
Camila was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy cooked for their family for years, but after losing them all in a car crash, Remy didnt make food anymore they just ate takeaways.
Addison looked pretty good in their new dress at the party.
Addison gave Austin static cling sheets to use for his new project.
Bailey asked the clerk about the paycheck and the clerk had no option but to give him everyone's savings.
jan was hungry so she decided to make some spaghetti to eat.
tracy heard footsteps behind kendall and told kendall to move out of the way quickly.
Sasha met new people which made her friend very jealous and upset.
Alex called the doctor to make an appointment for the next day.
Jan taught Casey's children to sing a cute mother's day song in pre-school.
Jordan found Jan's leather back.
Addison's best friend had just given birth and went to go visit in the hospital. Addison held Tracy in her arms lovingly.
Taylor hurt Lee's feelings and started screaming at Lee loudly.
Jan ordered the criminals to be executed via swords by the executioner.
Alex felt the pinch but kept on moving forward.
After seeing the grief that is caused everyone, Sydney regretted Taylor's decision.
addison looked around the neighborhood and found his mother.
Skylar sneakily dyed Casey's hair blue because they were angry at her.
Quinn needed an idea for a project so they copied Carson's idea.
Sydney non-fatally stabbed an assailant in the back as they were fleeing.
Aubrey went to Addison's house and was very hungry.
Aubrey distinguished themselves by staying out of trouble and studying regularly with the other committed students.
Tracy didn't want to answer the question in class, but then Casey put Tracy's hands up.
Quinn drove home from school and got into a car accident.
Taylor classified the objects according to shape and got the entire classroom in order before the new year began.
Sasha was on vacations for a week so Cameron watered Sasha's plants.
Sasha told Quinn to meet up with them at the coffee shop for a talk.
Jordan was a godparent. Jordan gave a gift to the baby girl.
Bailey developed interest in Quinn after seeing that he was awesome at skateboarding.
Knowing that he was in serious legal trouble, Skylar mounted Kai's response.
Quinn went to college and got some good grades when she was there.
Remy put a sun protector over their windshield to keep their car from getting too hot.
Casey bought a new fan for her grandmother after her old one fell apart.
Remy and Austin were comrades in the army.  During a battle Remy saved Austin's life.
Jordan quickly stopped crying after being consoled from their mother.
Many people notice that Jesse always seems sad. Jesse can't see anything positive in life and cries frequently.
Casey could tell her neighbor's children were hungry.  She kept asking her neighbor if everything was okay, and the response was always yes.  Casey stopped asking and bought a bunch of groceries for her neighbor.
Taylor said Bailey should leave and then bailey left.
Even though they were not supposed to drink, Bailey got too drunk and Bailey made a spectacle of themself.
Lee was being denied counsel at the police station. Addison came and enforced Lee's rights.
Carson want to play power ball lottery.  Carson added their favorite number to the list.
Before the dogs could start fighting over food, Tracy led the dog away.
Remy also noticed a crack in the wall that no one else had.
Kendall told Aubrey tales so that she would behave.
Lee was losing money gambling and suddenly saw that his checking account reached $0.
Jordan gathered together ingredients for the wedding cake he was planning on making.
Jordan tried cooking for the very first time. Jordan took to cooking like a duck to water.
Skylar was new and town and decided to meet people through a knitting group.
Jordan spilt water on his new suit while driving in his car.
Carson would get better at dancing after many years of training.
Austin rode Jesse's bike to school when theirs had a flat.
Kendall reached his year end celebration party and had a few drinks with friends.
Skylar flew around the sky in the small prop plane practicing to get her license.
Aubrey leant towards lee and told them a secret that they were not supposed to tell.
Skylar saw Carson entering the backyard so they got a bat and chased them away.
Bailey cut corners by making the napkins thinner than the needed to be.
cameron had to move with his military family so he was the new kid at school.
Robin transmuted liquid into gold through an ancient practice known as Alchemy.
Jesse often used shopping to lessen stress so she went to the mall and bought a new outfit after she lost out on a promotion.
Skylar had a lot of classes to take to graduate so she divided their schedule into classes.
Kendall bought a new house with the money she had gotten from work that week.
Carson announced to everyone the speech which put everyone on the spot and made them feel ashamed.
Skylar sung and played an instrument perfectly at the recital.
Tracy is an artist interested in doing a full length portrait of Remy.
Lee used the litter box to absorb the oil leaking from his car.
Riley went to the lake to swim with friends.
Taylor restored the dignity to Skylar's position when people laughed at her.
After looking it over several times and exploring possible solutions, Lee solved Taylor's equation.
Jan went to the bicycle shop and bought the bike she wanted.
Alex left together with his family on a trip to the beach. It was Alex first time at the beach.
Taylor rolled a cigarette in front of sasha even though she said not to.
Jordan invited his friend Lewis's girlfriend Addison to a party. Jordan didn't tell Lewis and didn't invite him to the party.
Kai was telling Fibs so Syndey looked Kai in the eye to see if they could catch them out.
Sasha wanted a dog so bad to protect make her company that last weekend whe went to a vet and bought one.
Bailey thought up a story that wasn't true.
Ash sought shelter because their house was flooded.
Sasha glanced back at Casey so she found out about it.
Tracy started right up and got to work at their job.
Cameron was a general practitioner and wanted to help the patient get better.
Aubrey sung the song in the auditorium.
Jordan kissed Skylar's hands while holding them at the movies.
Ash got their gun from the drawer after hearing something in the house.
Carson liked to challenge everyone else's assumptions. Carson rocked the boat.
Kendall taught Alex's dog a bunch of new tricks, including rolling over and speaking.
Alex got up early to make breakfast for their mum and dad, they put on toast and boiled the kettle then made eggs for everyone.
After owing a favor, Casey helped Aubrey form their own administration.
Tracy distinguished five problems at work today and everyone was grateful.
Robin expressed interest in Jordan when they realized they were single again.
Carson wished every year for a puppy. This year his parents gave him his wish.
Kai stayed home from school and got to play on the computer all day.
Sasha was looking for advice on how to start a business ans talked to the owner of a large company.
Remy made a snack because they had to be to work soon.
Aubrey awaited Cameron's answer to the big question that they had asked them.
Jordan set up shop and got many toys on display that day.
Tracy played musical chairs after studying for the biology exam with friends.
Casey gave Austin an indication they were correct after looking at the problem to see if it was right.
James and Taylor started dating. James ignored Taylor's texts. Taylor stopped talking to James.
aubrey was the test grader so she evaluated quinn's performance.
Bailey got Tracy's father to agree to go to the movies Sunday night.
Kendall took no for Tracy's answer after many hours of asking.
When Carson started his own business, he decided to offer his brother a job.
Aubrey was in a wheelchair, Aubrey lost their leg in an accident.
Jayden was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron has always tried to please every person he comes in contact with.
Aubrey provided Ash's overview to their bosses since he was out sick.
Tracy told her friends that she was not going to the dance.
Kendall made sure to ask all the right questions at the meeting.
Riley taught them all how to fish for salmon very quickly.
Carson played cards with friends instead of doing his homework which upset his parents.
Casey kept the talk to a minimum at the library they were at.
carson layered a scarf on cameron's shoulder so that they would look nice for the event.
Addison's parents made cookies for Addison's parents birthday party, so Kai asked Addison's parents for one.
Cameron locked the car behind Taylor so he could not get in it alone.
aubrey was very thirsty so she asked the girl for water.
Casey saw their grandma for the last time at a nursing home.
Kendall quit the cheer leading team after getting treated unfairly.
Kendall bought a new bike and showed their friends at the party that night.
Taylor went on a date with her friends ex-boyfriend. Her friend found out and is very unhappy.
Sasha attended meetings at the university every week as a teacher.
Alex called on several students in the classroom. No one could give the correct answer until Ash.
Casey used an Austin procedure while performing the difficult surgery.
Austin saved up enough money to go to the state fair and ride the rides.
Bailey read aloud a poem that made the whole class clap from it's amazement.
Jan meant everything to Alex and he was about to ask her to marry her.
Robin was asked to organize the church yard sale that year.
addison was begged by a homeless man so addison gave him money.
Kai went to a party yesterday and did drugs with some of the older people.
Riley was really competitive and loved all outdoor sports.  Recently Riley had joined the athletics team and was keen to get a few races under their belt.
Ash won a contest at school and all of his friends cheered.
Bailey jumped through hoops to go to the event because it was a once in a lifetime thing.
Austin abandoned the trip he was planning for month altogether.
After much delay and at the last minute, Jesse sent their permission slips to schools.
Bailey saw a spider crawling up the fence. Bailey wanted to squish it, but he let it be alone.
Austin never let the birds fly and kept them locked in a cage.
Jordan had just taken a new job.
Robin recently met her mother after not being around her since birth.
bailey was a good student so she sent her homework to the school.
Robin hid all surprise presents then told my parents to come into the room.
Lee had just gotten paid and put his money on the dresser. Sasha came and stole Lee's money.
After searching for five excruciating hours, Ash found the perfect Christmas tree.
Skylar tried to grab and punch Jordan. Jordan pushed themselves away from SKylar.
Austin liked to hunt and went out every week to kill animals.
Even though he knew he would get in trouble, Riley imposed their desire on others.
Addison chose a chair and decided to sit in front of Austin.
alex wanted to be rude so he tore ash to pieces.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble.   Therefore, Quinn stopped being friends with Tracy.
Aubrey helped Tracy change their attitude about trying new foods.
Taylor crawled before you walk when they were learning how to walk.
Tracy gave Casey a hug every time they saw each other.
Jesse jumped out and scared Sasha and she had to catch her breath.
Taylor told Ash's mom that he secretly had a huge crush on her.
Sydney supported their position. It was a difficult one at best.
cameron was a trouble maker so he always got in trouble.
Jan got to the drive through window and gave Addison her order.
Bailey got Tracy's father a new book for his birthday present.
Tracy formed an association with Alex that allowed them to have control over the neighborhood.
Bailey broke the camel's foot while give it a bath today.
Skylar took the offensive stance because she was ready to play football.
Remy decided to adopt Taylor so she could have a baby.
Bailey told Sasha she will protect her in the rain with an umbrella.
Casey sold Quinn's car and got a new one to drive home that night.
Riley gave the boys socks since theirs were old and had holes in them.
Ash lost his pet turtle of eleven years and became very sad.
Cameron saw it was raining outside and quickly grabbed his raincoat so he wouldn't get wet.
Bailey went outside with binoculars and went bird watching.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out on a date, hoping to steal them away from Kendall for good.
Tracy took some medicine that her mother gave her to help cure her sickness.
Casey was getting ready to play chess with Tim. Casey set the pieces in order.
Tracy went fishing with a friend and caught a lot of different fish.
Kendall raised money during a fundraiser to support the local veterans.
Ash wrote a great essay at school. A teacher gave a big compliment to Ash. Sydney also gave Ash a compliment.
Addison visited the pet store yesterday in search of a new pet turtle.
Bailey needed her oil changes, so she took it to the shop.
Seeing holes in the lie, Taylor put the story another way.
Tracy talked for an hour about all the things she learned at school.
Addison scheduled their cat Casey to perform in the new pet show.
Remy played and influenced Addison throughout history in order to get their way.
Riley was going camping with some friends. they bought a new tent.
Kendall asked questions in class when the others were to afraid to do so.
Lee was riding Ash's bike home from school when Ash found them and took the bike back.
Cameron gave Alex a peck on the cheek, because they were too nervous to end the first date with a full kiss.
Kai wasn't good at keeping up with the rest of the kids in school. Taylor increased Kai's efficiency at school by working with him.
Lee came to pick Quinn up after a long day at school.
Remy was moving out of their old apartment in Allston and had all new furniture in their new place.
Riley saved Jan's life by pulling her out of the sinking car.
Bailey understood the patient's concern and decided to help them fight the decision.
Sasha had chicken pox and was told by her parents not to touch oneself where the spots were.
Skylar loosened the purse strings to buy a brand new car at the car lot.
Robin was awaken by the dogs and was not able to sleep. She sent the dogs outside in the rain.
Cameron took sides and was disappointed to see neither accepted him.
Riley forced Jan's entrance into the new club last night.
Lee loved studying animals and insects so he was able to identify every species in the book.
Quinn's friends were throwing a party and after having a down week Quinn had too much to drink at the party.
Aubrey awaited Cameron to answer her question about which option to choose from the plan.
Alex ran for cover after hearing a loud bang from above.
Carson liked Cameron enough to ask them to play video games with them.
Austin clasps Lee's hand.
Remy began talking because they were giving a group presentation.
As a way to hurt her, Riley pushed Casey's fingers backwards.
Jesse told Austin to wrap his legs around his waste as he carried him to safety.
Jordan ate healthy and watched her diet.
Riley distributed the silverware evenly when they were setting the table for dinner.
Tracy took some money from the church without asking to pay her electric bills.
Alex ignored their mother and played video games instead of doing chores.
Remy bought concert tickets so she could go see the band perform live.
Sasha wanted to take Lee to the park, so she asked Lee's mom.
Alex led his mother to Christ after he had converted to the new religion.
Casey soaked their hair around Carson and made sure it looked good to go out with.
Jordan laid eyes on Ash at the mall and it was love at first sight.
Taylor gave their word that they would meet at the local pizza cafe.
Austin pushed Kendall and tom into war with each other over something silly.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly at the movie theater.
Riley helped their friend build a house for people that needed help.
Casey performed their routine effectively after having issues for many weeks getting the routine down.
Addison left her wallet on the counter at the store while chatting with the cashier.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a kiss on the cheek in congratulations at their wedding.
Aubrey was looking for a way out because Jan controlled Aubrey's life.
Casey was an expert on bird law, so Ash asked Casey anything on the subject.
After brushing his teeth and washing his face before bed, Skylar slept better at home.
Kendall would not answer Tracy despite her repeated asking.
Ash wanted to see what Jesse had learned studying and he elicited Jesse's response to their questions.
Nobody thought Addison's practical jokes were funny so they told Addison to go away.
Austin was calling off of work, but his boss Cameron said he had to come in, changing Austin's plans.
Cameron took the subway after realizing his car battery was dead.
Sydney played golf even though she didn't want to because her parents forced her to.
Jesse went crazy last week over the price of her coffee.
Jordan took to cooking like a duck to water and graduated cooking school at the top of her class.
Kendall was hungry and went to the salad bar to get a fresh salad.
Bailey told their friend that they were going to the store that day.
Kendall prevented an accident from happening by using her body as a shield.
Robin transmits ideas to John that were meant to go to Addison instead.
Tracy decided to take a trip and visited Canada.
Aubrey was at a carnival with her friends and went to go play a game. Aubrey became separated from their friends.
Aubrey won three games of pool at the bar on Saturday night.
Aubrey used her imagination. She needed to figure out how the device worked so she could get her work done.
Taylor and Robin were arch enemies facing off in a video game.
Quinn spoke their mind on the subject to their friends.
Austin taught Alex to read so that Alex could pass a literacy exam.
Taylor was driving down the street and swerved really hard to the right quickly.
Jan enjoys bothering her little brother who is rather gullible.
Taylor was nervous but worked up the courage and asked them to the dance.
Although they had been banned from the library, Sasha would not go away.
Riley could afford anything, so she got two giant burgers and a giant shake.
Sasha had induced liquid into the cells of her project to see what would happen.
Quinn cancelled their date after she burned her eyebrow off.
Ash loved Jordan but really wanted to be alone in her room.
Jan kept the house clean daily by sweeping, dusting, and vacuuming.
Jan and Austin were not supposed to play with mud.   Jan heard Austin's mother's yell.
Quinn's blind date never showed up to the restaurant and never called to let her know.
When they learned that their favorite Italian restaurant was closed because of a power outage, Skylar suggested that they try the new Thai restaurant.
Taylor offered some fresh pizza to her friend at school the other day.
Jan tried to comfort Carson by getting a teddy bear with some chocolate.
Sasha asserted one's rights of getting land anytime they wanted to buy land.
Aubrey asked the waitress a question about the food before they ordered.
Cameron because best friends with another kid who moved in down the street.
Alex sold a car to a friend so they could afford to buy a new game console.
Austin opened Tracy's mouth wide to peer inside to look at the cavity.
Remy gave Skylar anything that was asked for because they cared for them so much.
Alex was told Kai did not want anything from the grocery store when they went.
Jordan called thee a wastrel. Jordan was but a squire.
Quinn had a best friend named Kai, Quinn spent time with Kai's family every weekend.
Casey saw Quinn's cat that everyone thought had run away up a tree.
Kendall had learned the results of a survey and kept in mind when thinking about the subject.
Aubrey thought their parents had a really good idea about a science project.
Tracy began living anew by moving to a different town and starting a new job.
Lee's friend was going to move into a new house. Lee helped their friend move that weekend.
Jordan was very upset with Jack because Jack did something very stupid and harmful.
Riley was feeling bored so she took a  walk.
Kendall asked Tracy if she wanted to go see Lady Gaga; she decided she wasn't going to take no for an answer.
Riley didn't want to share with Robin so they complained to Robin's mother.
Taylor kept complaining all day.  They drove Tracy nuts.
Taylor expressed their opinion on the matter clearly.
Quinn told Tracy what to expect from the audience's reactions during their speech.
Taylor went to Jordan's home but Jordan was not there.  Taylor finally found Jordan in the backyard.
I pulled their hands together after putting glue in between them and laughed.
Bailey and Andrew were lost for three hours in the woods and were scared.
They were preforming in the talent show, and because they all shared the talent, Sydney and their friends sung together.
As Lee was falling off the side of the mountain, Austin clasps Lee's hand, saving them from the fall.
Sydney is the best golfer in the school.
Lee brought their kids back home. They were very thankful that he watched the kids for them.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay while she was in town.
Quinn looked out the window and noticed snow outside.
Alex had to get a blood test done. Addison gave Alex assurance that everything would be okay.
After sending his daughter to the store, Ash ate a lot of green beans and watched television.
Quinn invited their family over to their home for Thanksgiving dinner.
Kendall converted to a new religion in order to talk to a boy she liked.
Aubrey painted herself into a corner when she told her friend she would go to the party.
Remy satisfied every fantasy of his wife and she did the same for him.
Ash fixed the broken pipe so that it would stop leaking water.
Carson saw a bear on the hiking trail and told Jordan to turn around to see it.
Kendall was being too loud in the library so she was asked to leave.
Cameron broke my leg by accident during the big basketball game.
Kendall really liked the person that she matched up with during the speed dating event.
Bailey was poor and didn't have anywhere to live. Bailey happily accepted the house they were given.
Tracy spent all week practicing their lines before the debut of the school play.
Cameron dropped Carson's arms when they were hugging them one day.
Ash borrowed one dollar from her mom to be able to pay for the extra ice cream.
Lee lifted their head when they heard Quinn walked in the room.
Sasha invited her boyfriend over to to her house to have a home cooked dinner together.
Taylor led Riley far out into the desert, then threatened to leave them there.
Jan took her child's immunization forms to the doctor, to see if her daughter needed any booster shots.
Taylor gave Lee praise for what she did.
Quinn found where he wanted to park the boat and dropped the anchor.
Sydney was another man's friend and they both had a good time at the bar.
Jesse can't wait for the new book to be released so he can buy it soon.
Carson was struggling to make end's meet while they studied to become a doctor so Riley met Carson's expenses.
Jordan paid Kendall's medical bills after she was unable to afford them.
Kendall gave kai a raise because kai was doing a good job at work.
Cameron ate at the restaurant with their family and had a good time.
Ethan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
carson did not know what to do so he sent the vote to the assembly.
After getting the gift from her mother, Alex loved her very much.
Skylar tried his best but did not win although he promised he would try again.
Aubrey ground their teeth like Bailey because they were very stressed after work.
Jesse was a negotiator and a spokesperson who did not like to divulge things to the press.
Ash was decorating his new apartment with all his original artworks.
Kendall made a living at it after vowing to do only what they loved for work.
Taylor classified the books according to title because the organization of the books was atrocious.
Lee wanted to take pictures of the Eiffel Tower.
Jesse forgave her boyfriend of his sins.
Addison got good gifts for their friend on their twenty first birthday party.
Sasha shed a tear of happiness when they saw the gift they got.
Sydney ordered some food off of the menu and decided that she wanted to eat it alone.
Remy was getting dressed for work. Remy looked themselves in the eye.
Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the police after they saw Kendall steal CDs out of an unlocked car.
Skylar changed Addison's look of the place after Skylar bought it from someone else.
Tracy was standing in the sun for hours and nearly fainted from dehydration. Sydney gave Tracy water.
Alex lied to Cameron in order to protect the state classified secrets they had sworn to take to death.
Ash expressed his friendship with the outcasts openly when he walked into their camp.
Jan made Riley the point of discussion when talking at the dinner table.
Skylar needed someone to help her with the math homework.
Casey was a newborn baby only a few hours old. Casey filled Sydney's heart with joy.
Jesse got out while the getting was good and then moved to a career in real estate.
lee was a honest person who always told the truth so he called a spade a spade.
Sydney served their favorite foods.
Addison gave the money to the little girls at the table selling cookies.
Skylar made a bad decision when she decided to get married to a man she barely knew.
Quinn introduced Carson to the cool kids when Carson was new to the school.
Quinn had a huge record collection, and Quinn showed Carson everything.
Sydney made it special for her just the way she liked it.
Bailey talked to herself as she walked home from school.
Cameron called Lee's mother to see how she was doing.
Riley looked in Jesse's directions and smiled at him.
Austin wanted some perfectly baked brownines, Jesse made them for him.
Kendall put together the paperwork for Casey's application and sent it out.
Austin made Addison say the announcement when they got engaged.
Kendall was bored so they cast the rock into the water.
Cameron did not know that his friend had stolen from him.
Addison supplied the classroom with water because the water was out in the entire building.
Addison practiced piano every day for three hours.
In order to save his mother's babies, Sasha need to get sole custody and build a nursery.
Jordan fell asleep during their test at the college that day.
It was Christmas and everyone was coming to Sydney's house for Christmas dinner so Sydney made alot of effort and spent alot of money to make sure it was an extra special day for everyone.
Addison bought a gym membership because they wanted to be healthy.
Austin and his best friend shared the same vehicle of transportation, Austin needed fruit for his lunch so he rode their bike to the grocery store.
Alex had been struggling all day at work with a very difficult problem and could not resolve it alone, so Casey gave Alex aid.
Riley saw the rift between the offense and defense, but towed the line since he played for both.
Kendall devolved upon helping Carson with his duties and paying attention to the process.
Ash was always getting to work late and doing less what she was supposed to do, so Lee removed Ash from office.
Ash was looking very frightened and was shaking, so Sasha asked Ash to explain what had happened.
Riley went on a date with someone that she really liked and they had a good time.
On their date, Taylor went around to the other side of the car and opened Ash's door.
Jan was having a hard time paying their bills, so Ash lent Jan money.
Tracy bent Jordan's head backwards to help stop the nosebleed.
Lee did not know their own strength and accidentally beat Ash to death in a blind rage.
Sasha gave her daughter the money so she could buy the food.
Carson bought new glasses when he was at the store.
Jan went outside to fly a kite last Saturday afternoon around three.
Aubrey borrowed a lot of money from Jan and couldn't pay her back.
Skylar wanted to tell Kendall a secret so she grabbed Kendall's head back to whisper it to her.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner that evening in hopes of getting to know them.
riley practiced good luck rituals so he believed in their luck.
Jesse was going on a long trip for work and wanted to a companion.
Riley complained to Robin's mother about Robin's bad behavior at school.
Carson was working at a bake shop, and assisted their new baker on how to determine cooking times.
Robin found the gun in the alleyway and put the gun back where it was found.
Cameron slit his thumb on a blade, and then sewed the wound together.
Sasha based the decision to go the the Caribbean on their previous experiences.
jan was a sneaky bastard so she took their wallet out to pay.
Ash was struggling to understand math, so Ash hired Taylor for after school homework help. Taylor explained everything to Ash and Ash finally understood.
Riley bought Kai's groceries and they both made a nice dinner that night.
Taylor loved their mom and also their dad. They were very loving.
Jordan loved Carson's presentation better than any of the others he saw.
Jordan went out and decided to write an autobiography on Riley.
quinn was at her job so she did as told and brought forth the prisoner.
austin was good at practicing and he never let a day go by without practicing.
ash pushed a dog into the pool for no reason other than to be mean.
Aubrey bought Alex's own shoes after Aubrey's ripped and there wasn't a store in sight.
After greeting them, Kai gave them both a huge hug each.
Kai accidentally inhaled while eating grapes. Kai began to choke.
Addison put Jesse's hands on Jesse's hips and then backed up to focus the camera.
Carson started Jan on a diet program in order to help Jan lose weight and Jan did lose weight.
Jan waved her hand so that Robin would see her across the street.
Kendall and Bailey became best friends in kindergarten. Even after Bailey moved away, Kendall made sure to keep in touch with Bailey for many years.
Robin told Alex that she wanted to go out with him on a date.
Kendall was playing chess with their friend, Bob.  Kendall moved another chess piece.
Bailey also grabbed food from the cafeteria, but ate in the bathroom.
Addison caused Casey anxiety when she decided to become a trapeze artist.
Riley established outposts in areas that had no outpost in them before.
Robin kept their friends together during the hard times of the depression.
Jordan's kids were busy screaming in the car. Jordan turned the car around and went home.
Riley asked Robin to return his wallet but Robin wouldn't even admit that she took it.
Riley hit her head on the table and cried like a baby in front of everyone.
Tracy supported Taylor's views in the development project that they were working on together.
Sasha gave bungee jumping a try on that Saturday.
Addison finished their studies at the University in England.
Carson immediately wasn't sad anymore after their friend cheered them up.
Sydney was always rewarded highly by her employers thanks to serving their interests dutifully.
To pay for their college tuition, bailey worked a full-time job.
Since Skylar didn't know anyone at the company luncheon, Skylar ate with Bailey's friends.
Casey needed flour and sugar to bake a cake.  Casey got the items together.
Skylar took the kids to the pizza parlor and arcade and let them wear themselves out.
Austin was nervous being around Bailey after school. Austin kissed Bailey quickly and ran off.
Skylar loved to dance, so she turned dancing into a career.
When Jan learned that Sasha was the one spreading rumors about them, they vowed to never see them again.
Kai protected his privacy by closing the curtains in his house.
Casey is leaving his apartment, and came to get his laundry before moving out.
Jan saw that Kendall was sick and took Kendall to the Doctor's office.
Lee was reliant on public transport so was looking for work near home.
Skylar saw through the trap, but couldn't help but give the devil his due.
Austin went to dinner with his friend who was a cop. At dinner he realized Austin had a lot in common with cops.
Riley was feeling sad so all of their friends came over to cheer them up.
Aubrey added more to her knowledge of bears at the library.
Bailey saw a ghost but it was really just some shadows on the wall.
Skylar dyed her hair pink because she wanted to try something different.
Carson got better at cooking as he practiced more at home.
Carson went there every Saturday where he met up with some friends.
Kai stood right in front of Sasha and went in for the kiss.
Skylar gave their kids candy as a reward for good grades.
Austin observed every delivery when they heard that some of the drivers were stealing orders.
At the clinic, Kendall gave Casey a shot for the flu because they're required for work.
Robin decided her school was boring and brought the campus to life.
Once she started her knew class on Psychology, Sasha knew she would like school.
Taylor said Bailey would take care of the rest of the project.
Riley struck fear into their hearts with the words and actions they were performing.
Tracy got Kai home from the veterinary hospital after her surgery.
Ash was the class clown and was always playing tricks on his teachers.
Skylar did their best to help their friend get a good grade on the test.
Quinn put garbage in the machine as soon as the party was over.
Taylor put a towel on Jan's shoulder after Jan got out of the pool.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter how to get to the bathroom in their house.
Casey followed Quinn into battle because Quinn was their leader.
Ash used an x to represent the treasure on the map that he found.
Jan peed on Austin's pants when she was very intoxicated.
Jesse lost every game and the others went home disappointed that they lost their bets.
Kai was having problems understanding the lesson. Kai talked to their teacher about the problems.
After spending the whole day studying, Sasha decided to watch TV and get Chinese food.
Cameron was adopted when they were young. They vowed to help children in the future by being a Dr and providing health care to them.
Austin has never been on a train before when he was suppose to travel to Belgium.
Kendall bought tickets to a concert for a band she really liked.
Remy's shed was deteriorating so they tore it down and reduced the shed to rubble.
Cameron and Tracy were walking, Tracy put their arm around Cameron's waist.
Addison performed their duty to the best of their abilities.
Robin watched the show on tv and it was really good.
Addison heard Sydney's parents at the door when she was sneaking some snacks.
Remy was nervous about trying the vegetable for the first time, but Remy swallowed the leek.
Robin took their date to a new movie that was showing.
Jordan finally found the ring he had lost several years before.
Carson took lots of pictures and saved them in albums.
Sasha needed to pay rent and they received Taylor's share of the rent.
Jan was daydreaming and accidently walked onto the road when traffic was coming so Riley jumped forward and grabbed Jan pulling them to safety so Riley saved Jan's life.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend no after Riley and him asked for Jordan's money.
Remy was being bullied at school and had been punched in the stomach several times so Remy showed the bruises to their parents.
Bailey realised they were losing so Bailey joined forces with the other side to ensure they were part of the winning team.
Jesse told Ash her secret today and told her not to tell anyone else.
Skylar felt like Quinn lacked confidence but was very skilled, so Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress.
Cameron had wanted Korean, but was forced to eat Italian food.
Jesse was a cop looking for Riley, who had disappeared ten days ago.
Casey went to the park and had a lot of fun with their friends.
Riley wanted to view the paper b ut on in terms.
Alex had an overgrown lawn so they spent the morning mowing the lawn.
jan was a mean person so she scared kendall away when night hit the island.
Cameron rushed to the store because the sale was soon about to end.
Casey met Sasha after the show so that they could congratulate her.
Taylor said one thing to her friend Jan's face but did something else. Jan was hurt by this and Taylor brushed it off.
He had been getting ready for the interview for weeks and Sydney presented an overview to Bailey.
Jan saw the movie and was scared by the many scenes in the dark.
Quinn bought their friend to the dance. They hoped they would meet someone.
Remy drove the car home after they fixed the tire that day.
Riley was confused about the class topic so she asked Casey questions at school.
Cameron told Tracy that he will reluctantly take her money for the surgery.
Ash wanted Jan around. Jan was the best person they ever met.
Casey made some tea in their brand new tea kettle on the stove.
Jesse selected the thing that was best for you even tho Jesse knew you hated spinach with a passion.
Jan weighed the pros and cons of each job before she applied for her new position.
Jordan published Bailey's account and the account received a ton of traffic.
Robin married Alex's cousin and they had a big wedding and reception.
Sydney gave Carson information about the high priority project that they had to finish this month.
After careful deliberation, Tracy skillfully robbed the local bank.
Quinn sent the neighbor's dog away because it was digging through their trash and causing problems.
Sasha decided to run for student council president. The principal Addison gave their support to Sasha for the position.
Kai left Tracy for dead and decided to never look back or tell anyone.
Ash came home and had a horrible headache. Medication hadn't helped so they decided to try and take a nap.
Remy got a long hotdog after she felt extremely hungry and tired from the day.
Bailey had a great job and was thrilled when she got a raise.
Jordan moved to Hollywood to became a fashion actor and athlete.
Jordan felt Jan's fingers and gripped them tightly with fear in their eyes.
Robin is a comedian and finds humor in their words.
Jan was offered a higher salary for her job so she considered the negotiation in terms.
Riley had an important decision to make about a job, and talked to Tracy about it for an hour.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper the secret.
No other employees were available so Kai gave Alex triple the usual amount of work to do.
robin was a kind person so she had no problem helping remy's mother.
Tracy photocopied or scanned the document from work so she could work on it at home.
Casey was in an Olympic speed skating competition and Casey went for the gold.
aubrey was visiting sydney so he opened her door.
After weeks of training, Kendall finally taught Alex's dog to shake hands.
Sasha worked two jobs to save more money for retirement.
Sasha gave her son a really nice sporting present when it was his birthday.
Robin was super excited about the big movie that is about to come out next week.
Austin wanted to spend time with them at the park and play some fun games at the place.
As a token of their affection, Ash gave Remy a lot of gifts.
Sydney broke open the seal to the mummy so she could steal the jewels.
Sydney saw Kendall's kids and ask what their ages are.
Sydney aroused Kendall's interest by telling her a new story about the future.
Quinn took their friend around town to see all of the different sites.
Ash told Aubrey what to do and she obliged him as she always did.
Ash thought about how they could earn extra money. Ash made jewelry.
Austin offered Casey a chance to win a million dollars in the lottery, so Casey took Austin chances.
Cameron turned their back upon Jordan, even though Jordan begged for them to stop and listen.
Lee was a nurse treating a patient suffering from dehydration.
Robin was Jesse's son and looked out for them as they were aging. Robin conducted Jesse's affairs.
Austin was going to a restaurant and got ready to go out.
After the teacher gave the final date, Robin raised their hand in protest.
Taylor was walking past her favorite store when they noticed a new dress so Taylore went to get a closer look.
Taylor was shopping in the grocery store. Aubrey came along and took Taylor's shopping basket when she wasn't looking.
Kendall liked showing her generous side and wanted to be of some help, so she gave their friends money.
carson was competent so he won the talent show at the end of the day.
Jesse learnt to play a musical instrument after realizing their favorite musician played the same thing.
Alex slept all night after a long day at work.
Taylor got a prestigious award and went home to show their parents. Taylor impressed their parents.
Ash implemented Jordan's program because it was proven to work in other areas.
Wanting to make homemade ice cream, Kendall put the machine into operation.
It was late at night and Quinn heard a loud noise and screamed.
Quinn transmitted the message for their boss to the people at work.
Remy did not want to go to class but their parents told them to. Remy arrived in class.
Taylor increased Kai's efficiency at school by tutoring her in Math every Saturday and Tuesday.
Skylar greeted the mailman at the door and the mailman smiled him back and asked about his health.
Jesse made Alex do an impression that they were known for.
Kendall was tired of seeing trash everywhere, so they decided to prohibit trash in certain territories.
Jordan served two masters and sometimes forgot what he was supposed to do for each one.
Riley gave the other team members access. He knew they would need it to be effective.
Bailey bought a new car and took it out for a spin on the highway.
Sydney gave Tracy water after she trotted through the dessert.
Remy got an infection and put a bandaid on it. Bailey tore Remy's bandaid away.
It was daylight savings time again, so Robin turned back the clock.
Jordan played the flute in high school, but could not remember how to play it when asked.
Aubrey wanted to save money.  Aubrey took Taylor's shopping advice.
Austin raised the stake to the level of the top of the wall.
Kendall is a nutritionist who creates meal plans for people who want to lose weight. Casey was one of Kendall's clients and wanted to lose weight. Thus, Kendall created a weight loss diet plan for Casey.
Kendall got all the ingredients together to make her son his first birthday cake.
Ash had gotten adopted and now belongs to the Skylar family.
After she took us all to the museum, Kendall felt like she needed a hamburger and a nap.
Jan watched the news at 10 p.m. She was relaxing after a day at work.
Riley looked for Aubrey after class and asked to carry their bag, since it was quite far to the bus stop.
It was Halloween and Sydney gave Jesse's friends some good candy.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey kiss her at the school dance.
Sydney finished Tracy's way of doing the project when they ran out of some of the materials.
Skylar buried Jan's body in the sand at the beach they were at.
Ash set down on shore and made sure the boat was tied up properly and securely.
The prior tenants left some things in the apartment so Jan carried away the stuff that was left behind before she moved their things in.
Alex picked up a stray dog they found. Alex took Addison to the animal shelter.
Kai was going to a party and spent time getting ready.
Austin is only four. He is just learning how to put on tennis shoes so he put a foot a in the wrong shoe.
During class Lee had borrowed a tool for their classwork. Tracy asked Lee to give it back so she could get her work done.
Kendall gave Taylor a massage after Taylor worked all day in the mines.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat they adopted, which Riley proceeded to laugh at.
Kai played Riley a song after the party was over and people went home.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment.
Kendall had Skylar's back and Skylar returned the affection without question.
Casey was concerned Ash's grades so they talked to Ash's teacher.
Ash needed to get up early for work so they woke up early.
Jesse got good grades and decided to apply for college.
jesse had juicy news he wanted to spread so he stopped the presses.
Ash told Sydney about the thing of the big creature in the sea.
Addison kept within the bounds of reason and won her court case.
She was so excited for the barbeque Kai decorated their whole house for the party.
Lee took a cooking class so he could make meals at home.
Bailey prevented the geese from going on their migration in order to increase the native geese population.
Alex called Quinn father about the recent news in the family.
Sasha wanted to get a puppy to play with for a few years.
Robin bought toys on sale and they were a lot cheaper that day.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands together for the morning prayer.
Jan fought hard it court and was able to win the case.
After trying for some weeks, Addison got to see Robin at work and explained what happened.
Taylor comes from an Indian family, and they all like to eat spicy foods.
It was Quinn's first day in the new college class, and Quinn paid attention to every detail that was said. They even took notes.
Remy called "the man", Becky Lynch into the ring.
Aubrey's dog chewed Casey's sneakers. So Aubrey bought Casey a new pair.
Mackenzie was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan brought Tracy's things back to the store and returned them even though Tracy wanted to keep them.
Once he was put in charge, Sasha threatened every prisoner. He walked around the room randomly bringing his whip down on their legs.
Sydney took money to the carnival so they could take the children on the rides.
Carson skipped rope inside because they were bored and had nothing to do.
Sydney took the child in hand and helped her navigate the busy street.
Cameron had just moved to town and was new at school.
Addison went on a boat with Jordan and drove out to sea.
Jan received their brother's money after he was killed in an accident.
Alex made Tracy a living and it ultimately ended up being a great career.
Remy saw a stain on the shirt and bought some stuff to get rid of it.
Tracy gave Kendall a big hug after the two were separated for a long time.
Austin found rocks in his yard and used them to make a pattern in the grass.
Remy grabbed Bailey's wallet before Bailey realized what Remy had done.
Cameron took their mom to the mall so they could buy some new clothes for the party.
Taylor improved the patient's mindset about the extraction by telling them they are fully covered by insurance.
Lee went and talked to his crush about going to the prom this coming weekend.
a man who has traced back the steps.
Riley and him reached their climax in the contest and ultimately were spent after that.
Jesse feeds Alex's cat after Alex had asked for Jesse to not do so.
Riley estimated accurately the score before the game was even half over.
Tracy handed Aubrey the puzzle piece and they continued working.
Alex lived with his father and helped out with the farm they lived on.
Aubrey asked Tracy questions about politics to understand them better.
Taylor stopped Bailey from getting an abortion and Bailey decided to listen to Taylor after all.
Sasha layered their hands on his back because they wanted a vigorous massage.
Jordan took care of their vacationing friend's plant, and watered the flower everyday.
Quinn found it hard to help Robin when Robin was having a lot of problems at work.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the book so she could feel the words in Braille.
Bailey was poking Sasha in the neck. Bailey made Sasha's blood boil.
quinn did not know how to cook so she required alex's effort to cook dinner.
Taylor persuaded their mom to let her eat cake and ice cream for dinner even though everybody else ate cabbage.
Alex had a giant gash in his head and it was bleeding all over. Tracy rushed to Alex's side. They had training in first aide and knew it was best to apply pressure and have him sit up and talk.
alex trusted remy so he left the torch in remy's hands.
Remy was getting on a flight to Jamaica and forgot his passport.
Bailey burnt a hole in their pocket after lighting a lighter.
Cameron passed Taylor law notes and had a good discussion about the subject.
Cameron put the cat in the vehicle to take them to pond with them.
After training for a long time Quinn made his entry to the first marathon.
Austin glanced at Addison's watch. They needed to get their own watch.
Aubrey had a handle on planning the trip and things were going to turn out well.
Lee expressed appreciation for Sydney and commemorated her for her work.
Cameron extinguished the flames by dosing them with lots of water.
Sydney looked up to Jan and wanted to be just like her. She copied everything she did.
Remy wrapped his arms around Aubrey when he saw that Aubrey was crying.
Alex is organized and keeps detailed records. He has Aubrey's record.
After a long night of drinking and feeling exhausted, Ash got home.
Tracy danced around the house because she had just gotten her college acceptance letter.
Skylar monitored the patient's breathing out of concern for the patient's life.
Lee hired his friend on the spot because he really needed the help and he trusted him.
Casey took his car off road and then they all got stuck there.
Jordan planted a seed in her garden to see how the watermelon would grow there.
Addison always loved to paint different scenes and objects. Addison became an artist.
Quinn gave the house keys to Austin's parents before they went to the party.
jan was fluent in eight different languages so she spoke quinn's language.
Skylar gave Carson peace by making a prayer everyday for a year.
addison was expecting a show so he scheduled for his horse to show.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with Joy when they told them they wanted to date.
according to the article Jan made Casey start.
Kendall got fresh.  Their friends did not appreciate Kendall's attitude and they tried to avoid Kendall whenever they could.
Lee was star struck when he met Carson for the first time and became tongue tied.
Casey set Remy's papers in order to defend her in court.
Cameron gave me some medicine. I started to feel better.
Casey saw Aubrey's good example and decided to do the same thing.
Austin had a long day ahead of them, so Austin made eggs and bacon.
Jordan found Jan's keys out back after they were both certain they were gone forever.
Sasha got ready to go to school and made sure they had their homework.
Carson ran across the backyard deck in the rain, slipped, and fell off it pretty fast.
Taylor wanted to be helpful to Kendall, so Taylor helped Kendall finish things from their daily list.
Bailey returned to his country. He had enjoyed his stay in the U.S.
Ash let his friend inside. The friend had planned on visiting.
Quinn looked Bailey in the eyes when they said something silly to them.
Cameron told on her friend to her mom about it because she wanted revenge.
Jan gave Addison the orders that Addison had to follow even though they violated moral principles.
Alex started digging in the fridge and decided would he would eventually eat.
Sydney arrived home after a 12 hour shift. Bailey made Sydney food.
Sasha had just gotten a new globe, she made it spin around twice.
Jan rudely reached across the restaurant table and sipped Sydney's hot, fresh coffee.
Lee played tag and got first place after a few tries.
Sasha wanted to write a book and thought of a good story.
Lee wanted to attend the dinner with all the people that they knew from work.
Sasha made many friends at school because she is a kind and charming person.
Cameron followed the detailed instruction and put the bookshelf together correctly.
Bailey used the pencil as a tool to open up their gift.
The group had been waiting a long while in the lineup at the ticket booth, and now it was Sasha´s time to pay for their ticket.
Bailey invited all of Kai's friends to the party and they all had fun together.
Robin told Cameron nothing even though they knew Cameron wanted an answer.
Jesse told Carson where to shove it when they were mad at them for what happened at work.
Carson wore their helmet and all the rest of the protective gear.
Jesse traced riley's pain back to a previous injury and was fairly certain they could fix both problems.
Sasha gave them a raise for all of their good performance that quarter.
sydney was a smart person so she knew to satisfy manny's ego.
Jesse sent her kids to school sleepy, dirty and hungry every single day of the week.
Austin had a huge crush on Addison, and she made him act very silly whenever she was around.
Riley did not want to go out with his friends so he stayed home instead.
Alex loved their minds as well as their bodies when they were dancing.
Cameron bought Skylar a new watch for her birthday and she loved it a lot.
Ash had too much stuff in his locker at school.
Remy started feeling a lot better after resting from the long day at the office.
Tracy protected Austin's flowers from the sun because the sun was too hot and would kill them.
Austin and Alex were soldiers in a war, and Alex had been injured, so when the rest of the troop went back to fight, Austin stayed behind with Alex, and Austin ensured Alex´s survival.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home in her car after school was over.
The mad scientist known as Remy wanted to harness the power of the Earth's core, so he used his giant drill to reach it.
Robin took the clothes to the counter after looking for that outfit for weeks to attend the wedding in.
Although only knowing his wife for a few weeks, Quinn married his wife as soon as he could.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend into the ground with hatred in their eyes.
Remy gave Addison a glass of wine for her promotion at work.
Addison was sick and couldn't afford a Doctor. Tracy took her to the hospital and paid all of Addison's medical bills.
Remy filed appeal motions for the crime and persuaded the judge to change his sentence.
Jordan held the mob in check by calling the police and ratting them out.
Remy pushed herself really far. She had jogged a long way today.
Feeling the heat from all the pressure, Carson broke their word.
Carson had asked Sasha a question and he had been patiently waiting. Sasha gave Carson an answer finally.
Remy took their bike, went around the neighborhood, and posted flyers.
Riley and friends were camping in the wood and they had lit a fire but it was starting to go out so Riley poured fuel on to keep it going.
Addison was new at the school, so Remy showed Addison around.
Sasha talked so much that it was like a mile a minute.
Jan got good sleep that night because she had a big test the next day.
Austin traced back the steps when trying to recall where the smartphone was placed.
Carson worked all summer in order to save up money for a new car.
Sydney needed braces but was scared to go to the dentist.
Kai made laws so the people would have a better life.
Aubrey was out shopping at the fair. Aubrey saw Kai's friend getting off a ride.
sasha asked taylor not to smoke so taylor rolled a cigarette in front of sasha's eyes.
Quinn had gone through hell in an abusive relationship for years but finally decided to do something about it and leave.
Bailey developed interest in Quinn after spending so much time with her.
Skylar slapped Quinn in the face after they got into a big fight.
Riley beat back the others after they stormed the position on the beach.
Taylor stayed after school so she could play basketball.
Skylar ate Cameron's supper that they had spent hours preparing.
austin was a generous man so he provided for bailey's children.
Cameron played ball outside and got plenty of exercise and sunshine.
Quinn is very good with Finances while Riley is not, so Quinn offered to maintain Riley's bank account balance for her.
Sasha was battling Riley and had attacked him first. Sasha expected Riley to attack next.
Kai had worked hard for a long time, and completed many successful projects for the company, so when it came time, Kendall gave Kai a raise.
Skylar met Alex for the first time and it was love at first sight.
Robin wanted their friends to leave and the others were forced out.
Robin have seen the movie Titanic over and over again at the theater.
Taylor decided to stop after getting pulled over by a police officer for speeding.
Sasha was training for the finals which her basketball team was playing.
Kai walked home with Ash and they both worked up an appetite on the way.
Carson joined their husband for dinner at the fancy italian restaurant.
Taylor impressed upon you the standards that needed to be followed with fevor.
Kai flew on a plane to multiple cities and saw the whole country from above.
Since Sasha's mom had done something kind for Aubrey last week, this week Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch.
Jordan tried to sleep but he couldn't get comfortable.
Alex found a house in a wonderful neighborhood with great schools.
Austin found their friend laying down in their yard after the party they had.
Bailey took their family to the dog park last weekend on a sunny day.
Bailey purchased a new phone that she has been wanting for years.
Addison noticed that she was completely out of food so she went somewhere to get groceries.
Sasha thought quickly because she had to solve the problem.
Taylor removed the horrible burnt smell from the air by opening the window in the kitchen.
Addison got really mad and had to go home to cool off for a few hours.
Tracy discovered that her cousin, Austin, was attending an ill reputable school and thus decided to bring him to a good school.
Cameron hammered home to get on the computer to watch the big game.
Jordan performed his tasks without complaining about his hand.
Addison asked them what the problem was with the new car that they had just bought.
Taylor used a billboard to explain her position but it was set on fire.
Sydney invited a friend over and they both went for a swim in Sydney's pool.
Riley also brought ice cream for everyone as a thank you for their hard work.
With two projects under his belt, Tracy calmly undertook another project.
Lee and Skylar got into an argument earlier that day so Lee turned Skylar's help away.
Riley used Taylor's computer but the battery ran out.
Several clients stated they preferred Jesse's format for the invoices. Taylor begins to use Jesse's format.
Kendall is a job recruiter, and made Casey an application for the job they want.
Kendall held the door open for a group of people that were walking slowly.
Wanting to share the information with everyone, Addison read an excerpt out loud.
Riley saw the tornado coming and decided to take her baby to the shelter.
Quinn left clothes everywhere when Quinn was rushing out for a party.
Lee was organising a surprise party for a friend so he sent a message around all their other friends.
Aubrey had been trying to figure out how to give Jesse the bad news but there wasn't a good way. She told Jesse to sit down.
Addison put Jesse's hand on Jesse's hips and showed her the steps of the dance.
skylar told tracy she needed to be picked up at the airport so tracy met skylar at the station to pick her up.
Sasha improved their performance and won first place at the competition.
Riley made a basket full of muffins to take to the new neighbors.
Jesse shovelled their driveway after the big snow storm they had.
Addison decided to be helpful and teach Sydney how to read.
Kendall imitated Skylar's example and was ultimately rewarded for her good behavior.
Sasha saw a cat attacking a bird's nest and saved the mother's eggs while the others watched.
After throwing food to the dogs, Kendall went to wash her hands and fry a fish.
Jordan located Jan's wallet after it had been lost for quite some time.
Bailey washed Riley's face with the medical soap.
Alex appreciated Sasha's effort even though Sasha slowed things down for him.
Jan purchases tickets for the show for her and her friend.
Bailey took a train into downtown for their office job because it was faster than driving.
Kai forgot to bring his jacket and he was freezing cold.
Ash gave Carson time to get ready to go out to eat.
skylar worked seven days a week and wishes she could take one day off.
Tracy was planning the upcoming party. Tracy made the list of food and drink. At the last minute Tracy amended the list by adding something for kids.
Ash shared ones ice cream with her best friend Joan.
Remy loved the gift from his mom and really wanted to thank her.
Kai gave them a huge hug when they were feeling down.
Austin served Robin's purpose after she asked for help.
Jan finished Sydney's food when Sydney wasn't looking.
Aubrey told Kevin that she wanted to go on a date with him.
Casey bought some food at the store and ate some during the evening.
Robin's car broke down.  Therefore, they had to ride the bus.
After several months of rehab after breaking their leg, Addison felt healthy again.
Addison loved cake so much that they made one every day and ate the entire thing by themselves.
Carson asked Addison to forgive them after they spilled their glass of water.
Robin was very attracted to him and batted her eyes at Bailey.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt at goal and blocked the goal from being made.
Lee won a prize for their science fair project they had worked hard on for a long time.
Kendall impressed upon Remy to be truthful at the couples therapy session.
Robin came straight from work and went to the computer to play games.
Jan told Cameron they didn't know that Cameron was being cheated on, but Cameron found out they did.
Taylor created Jordan's system from scratch and did not have time to finish their own work.
Jordan usually went home and fed all the kids at lunch time.
Tracy forced their work upon Ash.  Ash decided to quit and had their own business.
Alex carried Kendall home because he had been so drunk.
Riley had a present that wasn't wrapped so they put it in a bag.
Skylar divided the voters into groups after taking all of their names.
Even though she was very popular and a cheerleader, Cameron was pretty bad at sports. Still, the boys picked her first for their team every time.
Sasha took their dog to the vet before stopping for ice cream on the way home.
Robin let loose a scream at the cinema while watching a film called Halloween.
Quinn drove too fast and crashed into a light post.
In order to enjoy the scenery, Jesse was riding their motorcycle.
Remy was working hard and studying all week for the test .
Robin was having problems making friends at school. Robin's problem came to a head.
Addison got the flag out every morning before school. She raised the flag and looked to see who would salute it.
Skylar was feeling tired so they took a nap to try and refresh themselves.
Skylar put their hand on Addison's shoulder as they anxiously waited for a response.
After she won the raffle, Robin drove home their new car.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair after she said she loved the new shoes.
Even though she despised Quinn and would never trust them after cheating on them, Jan spent the rest of their life with Quinn.
Tracy had punched Sylar then froze in disbelief so Tracy clutched their fist to Skylar's chest.
Tracy examine every piece of cake to make sure that she got the biggest one.
While taking out the trash to the curb, Remy put money in my wallet.
Riley took Jan inside the house because it was hot outside.  They had to stop mowing the lawn.
Quinn was Aubrey's biological father, but Quinn had not met in Aubrey in her lifetime.
Remy had a bad infection and ended up staying in the hospital for a week.
Bailey reached Skylar's highest score and then shortly after, obtained the highest score in the century.
Taylor got Bailey's girlfriend a gift of diamond earrings, roses and a heart shaped box of chocolates.
Aubrey was tired that morning and was late for school.
austin was visiting kendall so he rung her doorbell.
Ash was ready to move into his own apartment so Ash left Jesse's father's house.
Riley helped Aubrey decide on a new kind of beer to drink at the party.
Kendall really wanted to get a new pet. Kendall decided to get a cat.
Sasha was saving money to pay their way through grad school.
Robin came across Carson and their friends at the restaurant in town.
Austin really enjoyed the new video game where Austin played a doctor in the virtual world.
Casey was 75% full in the tank, but Casey bought gas anyway.
Carson was singing sin the shower. They found their voice.
Remy spent all the money that she was saving.
After thinking about it for several days, Cameron finally told Aubrey's boss she that he had seen her take money.
Jordan loved Cameron's dog because the dog was really sweet.
Aubrey finished garnishing their breakfast, after they finished cooking it.
Jesse played devil's enemy on his guitar during a performance at a rock concert.
Alex told their sister a lie to cover up missing school three days in a row but could tell the excuses were wearing thin.
Remy was fired because she complained of unsafe practices.  Remy took her employer to court.
Sydney kept a close watch on her house as the local roofers worked to replace the roof.
Lee raised and lead armies so that they could win the big battles.
Robin went pro in basketball when he started to practice every day.
Austin promised Robin a raise if she got the new client. Austin gave Robin reason to succeed.
Alex used their influence to prevent the local union from going on strike for no good reason.
Lee settled Kendall's affairs and then they both went to dinner that night.
Remy bought a skate boarded and then learned how to skate.
Sydney just graduated from college and got her first job. Sydney worked well in business to get a promotion.
Aubrey tried hard in school and got very good grades there.
Taylor went to the party and had a really good time there with friends.
Skylar cramps Remy's style at the party with all of the fashionable people.
Cameron always looked forward to meeting Bruce Campbell and get a picture with him.
Aubrey invited their friends along to see the new movie after school and served popcorn and coke.
cameron worked on robin's magic trick so that they would be able to perform it on stage.
aubrey was caring so he opened casey's eyes for her.
Austin decided to go to the movies. This was a poor choice.
Jesse affected Casey's health in a negative way that was getting worse.
Skylar taught their son basketball as a way for bonding together.
In January, Riley moved from Florida to Wisconsin so she went to the mall and bought a winter jacket.
Aubrey enjoyed the day off work and was ready to get back to their job.
Bailey asked their friend for advice every time there was a problem.
Remy was worth the wait. Remy was an awesome person.
Jordan was ready to leave and told Tracy to go get the keys.
Carson bought a used car that needed new tires.
Casey gave his girlfriend a second chance. They loved her very much.
Casey followed the stranger a long way in the park after realizing she looked very familiar.
Austin sent the kids to school and he forgot to pack their lunch.
Jeremiah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
cameron took sides with them because they thought it was the right thing to do.
Ash expressed Kai's concerns about the bears in the area, clearly to everyone. They hope everyone heeds their warnings.
Carson was the best person to invite to fundraisers, because Carson supported every cause. He had a lot of money.
Kendall was careful and made sure to hold Robin close that night.
Carson spent time in an orphanage without enough clothing, so after he grew up he learnt how to sew in order to give back.
Austin was one tardy away from suspension. Austin arrived every day on time.
Tracy supported Taylor's views after hearing her explain them.
Kai crossed her heart and promised not to tell the secret no matter what.
Alex designed Robin's experiment using rigorous controls and setting up things for statistical analysis.
Kendall's friends were planning to go to the movies but Kendall wanted to watch the game.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's camera from falling into the water while they were on a cruise.
Addison broke every rule in the game's rule book without realizing they were cheating.
Taylor is always talking and prevents Carson from doing his work.
Addison drank a glass of water inside of the kitchen.
Carson helped their mother a lot and she made them a plate of cookies.
Aubrey always got attention after she won the local beauty show.
Kai was almost done with her work shift, and took her time on the call for the last 20 minutes to avoid another one.
Bailey took an outing as a family to a local animal park.
Alex spent alot of money on their grandchildren's present's. Alex loved them very much.
Cameron worked to hard when they were exercising and they ended up straining every muscle.
Riley joined the army and witnessed much violence and danger in their time there.
Remy gave Casey a lot of money because she was down on her luck.
Riley was upset that they didn't understand why Quinn was being secretive.
Bailey killed the spider with the stone for no reason at all.
Bailey got a new dog on the way home from work.
Riley used Taylor's computer to get all of their homework done.
Sasha used the bulb efficiently to light up their room.
Sasha was hesitant but called him anyway about the date.
Remy showed everyone how to bake a delicious cake in the oven.
Sydney stormed off to their room and left to go to the quad.
Addison went out on his lunches for a month straight and finally found Carson a place.
Carson took his old furniture to the auction house to get money.
Bailey tipped the scales when she stood on it. He had gained much weight.
Riley led Jordan to the door that they were going to go through.
Alex was blackmailing Quinn after learning that they had stolen money from work.
Tracy was hereby obligated to drew attention to the fact that the class for that dai in question was cancelled.
After someone did a good deed to them, Addison paid it forward.
Taylor left Alex's bike behind but went back to get it for them.
Robin climbed a mountain after months of preparation and training to try and reach the top.
Jesse never bought it even though he really wanted to.
When he bought a folding chair and brought it to the concert because she didn't want to get dirty from the gr.
Cameron hammered his school project together using a cheat sheet he bought from someone who already took the test.
Ash got a new Bible and took it to Church to hold.
Remy asked for Jordan's pardon after copying the project idea from Jordan.
Addison drove too fast in the parking lot and so she almost hit Remy.
Riley used Remy's word when she wasn't given permission to access the files.
Robin painted their bedroom in a beautiful blue and pink color that wowed.
casey saw aubrey was struggling, so casey asked aubrey to accept their help.
Jordan prepared the staff for the reception and ordered the staff to listen to him, they all did.
After seeing she was late, Sasha took a shortcut to work to save time.
Jan missed Quinn's flight when they were leaving on vacation together.
Riley told Jan that Mark wanted to go on a date with her.
Someone made fun of Riley because of how they were dressed. Riley told the person off.
Lee decided not to go on the trip so sent their ship away.
Jordan was always meticulous in keeping their bank account in order.  They were never overdrawn.
Riley played checkers every day with his grandma.
Jan noted every change so they'll know what to do next.
carson was a nice person so he made sure to kiss aubrey back.
Cameron paid their friend back because he was afraid of the consequences of not paying.
Taylor took their shot at seeing if they could get the high score on the game.
Sasha asked for Sydney's advice on how to build a fence in her back yard.
Sydney made it to school after there was a massive detour in the road.
Robin performed their duties at work before the end of the shift.
Ash recovered their senses for the breach after the initial attack stopped.
Aubrey made Lee go to the store and get supplies for the party.
Sasha starred ahead not paying attention to anything else.
Jan missed Quinn's flight when she was stuck in traffic at the airport.
After running into each other on the way to school, Quinn quickly became Taylor's friend.
Kendall was new in class. Kendall sat at an open desk, and then found out it belonged to Jan.
sasha was outraged by the accusations so she texted back.
Robin worked for months to lose weight. She didn't lose as much weight as she had hoped.
Ash won a contest at school and all of his friends cheered.
Tracy spent too much time studying for her grades.
Kendall broke both of Robin's legs when they drove drunk and wrecked the truck.
Robin anxiously awaited the results of the test.
Lee saw that the dog was trapped inside the burning building.
Jordan visited the flea market for a samurai sword and Jordan examined the item closely.
Sydney designed buildings to make for a retirement community in the country.
Quinn put my arm around Carson despite protests from Carson themselves about doing so.
Skylar gave Taylor a hint about her bad hygiene.
Kendall had just finished with track practice and she went home to change.
Sydney seized every opportunity and was able to get herself a scholarship to college.
Robin brought the witness to trial after preparing her case.
Casey had left a book in the school cafeteria.
Jan had just lost her job so Jan's friend Ash lent Jan money to pay for grocieries.
Lee gave her skills to charity since she didn't have money to donate.
Sasha succeeded by having the love and support of their son.
Taylor raised up Cameron's arms because they were reenacting a scene from the Bible.
Cameron wanted to find metal things on the beach. They bought a metal detector.
Bailey had been carefully thinking about table assignment for the banquet. Bailey placed Taylor at the head table.
Although Sasha did not want to move, Sasha understood the situation.
Remy lived alone and like to cook dinner every night.
Aubrey practiced hard and sung the song at the recital.
Remy lit every candle when the power went out.
Jesse will want to start eating keto to keep his shape.
aubrey was a creative person so she loved the painting.
Quinn was nervous about going sky diving. Quinn finally agreed to do it.
Bailey had to go to the doctor for result and it was not good.
Jordan went on a strict diet and ate only healthy food.
Riley poured fuel on the fire and then got the food out to cook.
Taylor told Skylar she was sorry for what she did.
Riley and Alex were having a race, Alex was right behind Riley but just couldnt get past them so ended up losing the race.
Aubrey wrapped the gift with paper and gave the gift to the little kid.
Casey built memories together by getting a book and putting photos in it.
Ash told Bailey to play with the toy so that she wouldn't be mad anymore.
Skylar went with friends to watch their most anticipated movie which they enjoyed very much.
Wanting to hurry and arrested the suspect, Sydney denied them their rights.
Kendall donated the money to the charity that the believed in.
Sasha met the country's prime minister on her visit to the country.
Ash caught Lee stealing from his house, so he stopped him in his tracks.
Jan always wanted to go to Disneyland, Aubrey made Jan's dream come true.
Robin liked Alex and thought maybe they might go out on a date. Robin asked Remy for Alex's number.
Tracy handled every problem to the best of her ability and made others happy.
Casey and Jan got caught cheating on a test so for punishment they had to pick up the rubbish in the school yard and each day they performed their duty.
Skylar's mom fell down so Skylar took her to the emergency room to get checked out.
After a few employees quit due to the low pay, Kai had no choice but to hire others immediately.
Lee set the table for the rest of the people which made everyone feel welcomed.
Austin was very narrow minded so Jordan gave Austin another point of view to try to help Austin see the full picture.
Riley found a lost dog and brought it to the doorstep of its owner, and was about to knock on the door.
Jesse brought Tracy along even though she wasn't supposed to.
Jan skips breakfast to run instead.
Tracy paid Sydney sales tax on her art project to cover all her bases.
Aubrey made Kendall's bed in the morning after Kendall left for school.
Jesse really loved the neighborhood of their youth, but when so many hooligans moved in Jesse realized they had to go.
Jan got Jesse's parents a gift for their anniversary last weekend.
Lee walked through the park as he held skylars arms out.
Riley taught their son how to fish at a young age and they both had fun.
Jan is a music artists. Jan made a popular song.
Kendall took us all to the museum to watch her give a presentation about dinosaurs.
Riley was buying groceries after work because they hadn't eaten all day.
Jesse felt Skylar's hand rubbing his neatly combed hair in the office.
skylar got riley's car towed but she had a plan and got riley's car back.
Addison used her bike all the time and road all over the neighborhood.
Alex got in trouble for shoplifting so his parents kicked him out of their house and he was homeless.
The kitchen was dirty was Remy decided to clean the kitchen.
taylor was the finest general so he led aubrey's army.
Kendall really liked her gift she got for her birthday.
Quinn game new clients easily because she had good speech skills with her.
Robin and Tracy went to school together. Robin helped Tracy study.
Addison and Riley were best friends, Addison did something special for Riley.
After realizing the comments Jesse made were inappropriate, Jesse felt a little bad.
In order to see his kids more often, Lee had to go home early.
Robin watched a movie with all of the kids and they were happy.
Sasha took Sydney's family to dinner. It helped because they didn't have much money.
Casey kept their things in order and managed their life well.
Quinn was busy with work and could not visit their father in the hospital. Quinn's friend Addison took magazines and snacks to Quinn's father.
Sydney wanted to go to the new shopping mall. Sydney offered to drive my car. She parked my car at the parking.
Riley told the person that what they said was incorrect.
Ash paid dividends to the investors because the company did well this month.
jordan was looking to feed other people so he put the hot dogs on the grill.
Addison told Jan to leave Addison alone, but Jan followed Addison home and insisted on coming inside.
Bailey heard god's voice. Bailey was completely insane and needed help.
The new game that Sasha was programming had taken a lot of effort on her part so she was happy with the results when she finished.
Alex made Skylar feel at home.  Skylar came to visit Alex from a different state.
After Riley decided he wanted to see the world, he took time off.
Aubrey came to Tracy's knowledge about the business deal that was happening next week.
Remy slept well last night despite all the noise in the house.
Kendall devoted time to the study of animals and every week would have went out for hours on end to watch them in their own habitat.
Casey got out their clothes to pack for the trip they were going on.
Casey decided to go to work even though he was very sick.
There had been no rain for weeks so Sydney watered their lawn.
Casey spent the day together with them after finding out that they were moving away.
Kai and Bailey had dinner together.
Aubrey took a trip to the hospital with service dog to cheer up sick children.
Carson bought presents for their son when they had to have their appendix taken out.
Sasha played bass guitar very skillfully but she did it in the middle of the night.
Taylor was very sick and thanked the doctor for Carson's help.
Jesse kept his eyes on the prize as he carefully lined up his gun sights on the target.
Aubrey saw Kai's friend and helped her when she realized she needed a ride.
Sasha is a baker and makes cakes for her customers. As Sasha was reading the ingredients to bake 10 cakes, she realized that she needed milk from the store.
Bailey brought the dog outside after getting tired of hearing it bark inside.
Sydney was trying to dunk during the basketball game, and Carson prevented Sydney from reaching.
Jesse sipped Bailey's tea and thought the tea tasted amazing for a tea.
Robin and their family were going to take a photo. Robin grouped together with their family to make sure they all fit.
Tracy was babysitting and made ash do what they were told.
Austin did not want to leave the amusement park after having so much fun today.
Tracy was really slow to move, because they just got out of surgery.
Alex told people that they could not fight with each other at school.
Casey had a friend they wanted to meet. Casey met the friend at the bar.
Aubrey was angry at Kai and would not say anything to him.
Sydney knew that it would make it worse, but could not take it and scratched that scab.
kai was a social person so he visited his friends.
Remy offered to help Bailey bake a cake for the contest. The cake they baked together won first place.
Sasha determined Aubreys costomer base was young and it didnt work for the purposes of the company.
Jan played the guitar.
Quinn couldn't put his arms down because the clothes were too tight. Addison put Quinn's arms down by his side with force.
Sasha was worried about his home security. Sasha purchased the gun from the store.
Lee brought the murder case to a conclusion, even though most of the evidence was falsified.
Addison gave Austin an shock from static electricity when she walked by him.
Sydney was in their house where it gets cold. Sydney kept the home fires burning.
After coming home from the store after being asked to pick up dinner, Cameron realized he got the wrong one.
Taylor called forth the destroyer of worlds, and was immediately killed for their trouble.
Alex couldn't find childcare for their daughter, so Alex brought her along to the job interview.
Riley was jealous of Sydney's good looks so she made fun of Sydney when they sang.
Skylar reached Aubrey's room and wanted to hide the gift somewhere so Aubrey would find it later.
Lee played Austin at a game.  They were both very competitive.
Quinn was having a hard time getting the yoga pose down. Sasha stretched Quinn's arms to help.
Quinn opened fire but they missed.
Austin's family was having a Go Fish tournament, and Austin beat his dad in the first round.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend about Riley's childhood, and Riley's boyfriend asked for more stories.
Sydney played house with my friend and the others got jealous and wanted to play.
Sydney found Jesse a way to the store after they had gotten lost.
Jan bound the book together with duct tape temporarily so that it wouldn't be damaged further.
Jesse told Kai a story and Kai couldn't go to sleep at night.
Tracy preserved Bailey's composure when Bailey got excited from winning the contest.
Lee was put in charge of coming up with a budget for the new year and reduced the company's deficit a great deal.
Addison had been putting off many tasks, but Jesse motivated Addison to get started and set Addison in motion.
Quinn stuck her head in the sand to avoid the reality of what was happening at work.
Skylar was in charge of a project at work and wanted to make sure to check in with everyone about it.
Quinn ate the pie in one sitting and felt so good from it.
Taylor drove home at eight, but even though home was only two miles away it ended up taking three hours to get back.
Skylar found their way to the front of the line after waiting behind other people for 2 hours.
Jan prevented Sydney from becoming the evil being that her father once was.
When their friend told them about the death of their mother, Remy expressed their sympathy.
Jan met Casey through an online dating site. When they met in person, Casey suited Jan's taste.
bailey put up a new ad to see if there would be any interest in the product.
Aubrey went to my friend's house to see me but my friends can't stand Aubrey and didn't want them in the house.
Bailey was in such a rush this morning that they forgot to grab their lunch. Carson sent Bailey's lunch to school.
Addison was being naughty, and that prevented Sasha from making dinner.
Skylar was always the first to class because she loved school so she arrived extra early and took a seat in the front row.
Jesse  out of the country, so she had to put her all life dog up for sale.
Kendall loved to pet her cats, so she bought a petting brush and gave them lots of food.
Ash never really had a good place to live. Taylor made Ash's home very peaceful.
Skylar rejected every person that came into the office for an interview.
Even though Kendall's job as a janitor wasn't high-status, Kendall made a good living.
Alex had a problem with the cheap earphones they bought, so Alex took it back to the store.
Jan took Kendall to a doctor when she was feeling sick that day.
Sydney was learning a new magic trick and perfected their escape.
Remy prepared another meal knowing she would be hungry after a long day at work.
Riley went after the gang, attacked them and killing some of them, in order to avenge his borthers death.
Carson got a new toy poodle named Snappy and loved it very much.
Casey was going out of town on a trip. Casey got their things together and organized.
Casey came and got his laundry so that she could wash it with hers.
Aubrey devoted her energy to the work and won a big award.
Addison bared their teeth to the stranger who was whistling at them on the train.
Kai was curious and decided to taste his friend's dinner without asking.
Taylor was celebrating his first Christmas in his new house and couldn't wait to put in a tree.
Jordan was determined to score and started to run the bases.
Aubrey sold Robin on ebay to a mean old man.
Jordan pushed themselves away from Skylar. Despite Skylar's harmless intentions, Jordan panicked and overreacted. Later that day Jordan apologized to Skylar.
Skylar only spoke English, and was unable to understand the Chinese woman.
Remy and blake were making fun of Jordan yesterday. Remy felt bad, so they went and told Jordan that they were sorry.
Kendall is an activist who is standing up for gay rights. Carson issued Kendall an edict banning public demonstrations.
Addison argued against Tracy's case in the big trial last week.
Skylar went to the school and took the test and had a great time getting an A.
Ash gave you a good idea but Jan stole the idea as quick as they could.
Taylor got really sick and when he got home from the hospital Robin took care of him.
While driving Austin noticed a person with a flat tire, Austin stopped and fixed their tire.
Kendall frightened the dog away because she was scared of what would happen.
Jan spent the afternoon relaxing after a tough morning at work.
Quinn turned Bailey's testimony into a distorted version of the truth.
Remy offered to teach Bailey how to bowl so she could win at something.
Addison loved cake so much that she ate all of Kai's birthday cake.
Carson tossed it back after they caught it while they were fishing.
Robin is Tracy's big sister and she always helped Tracy study.
Ash needed to mow his lawn so he went to the neighbors and borrowed a lawn mower.
Austin bought everyone snacks after the game.
Casey went back to bed after drinking water and had a dream about the upcoming election.
Taylor threw the trash away after gathering it all from the party afterwards.
Alex crossed Quinn's face and Quinn started to bleed throughly.
Sydney got fired today. Sydney will be ok. They know people.
Because Sasha repeated herself numerous times, Riley understood Sasha's complaints well in the end.
Austin bought a gift card to Riley favorite clothing store for her birthday.
Kai held Bailey's hands with her hands so she couldn't get away.
Ash asked Taylor to call about the big wedding that is about to happen.
Alex climbed onto his friend Ash to see if he was awake yet.
Kai took a yoga class for 20 minutes them got something for a snack.
Jan wasn't able to go to work because they were sick so Casey did their job.
It was a nice day and Ash went to the beach with their family.
Riley was crying and accidently cried in her glass of beer.
Quinn was responsible for organizing their meetings and making sure their lunch was delivered on time.
Taylor removed trash from water to clean up the park.
Jan and their friends went to an amusement park last Saturday. Jan had a lot of fun.
Casey could not breathe, Bailey threw Casey's head back to give him CPR.
Remy asked Taylor to go to lunch, but Taylor said they didn't have any money.
Lee got into his stride finally after figuring out how to hit a ball.
sydney was a corrupt person so she affected a person's vote.
Carson needed to unlock the car door. Carson pulled the key from Jordan's pocket and unlocked it.
riley was told quinn was an orphan and he suddenly understood the ambiguity around quinn.
Lee sold comics for money after he had no rent.
Lee hired the applicant on the spot because there was not going to be anyone better.
Lee began running away after seeing an aggressive unleashed dog.
Jesse told it like it was after they all gathered.
Taylor cut Casey's arm with a knife and ran away right after the cut.
Taylor filed Kendall's taxes for them and wanted to be a good accountant.
Jesse asked Riley to help him with a job.
Sydney used their cooking skills to make dinner for the family and it was a steak dinner.
Robin had business problems that recurred every day with a group of people.
Sasha gave Lee hands on experience so they could succeed at their new job.
Carson became annoyed when they heard about the bad things that were happening around town.
Kendall got all the ingredients together to make the best batch of cookies ever.
Skylar barred Austin's way from entering the store because he was a criminal.
Bailey made a chocolate cake that everyone loved when she brought it to a party.
Kai defined Casey's life in easy terms to help her understand herself.
Taylor changed their last name after years of careful thought.
Lee sent them to the principal's office after they were causing a disturbance in class.
Addison improved Carson's condition by taking good care of him while he was sick.
Ash played tennis with Jesse's friend when Jesse broke his arm.
Taylor paid their friend back after borrowing a large sum of money.
Aubrey found cars in the parking lot next to work everyday.
Alex wanted to help Aubrey prepare for college, so Alex packed Aubrey's car.
Tracy decided to train and participate in her very first triathlon.
Riley had always wanted to serve their country, so Riley joined the army.
Bailey's dog destroys things when it has too much energy. Bailey takes the dog to the dog park.
Lee turned to face Kendall while they were in the car.
Casey yelled bingo after winning the round on bingo night.
Jordan offered Robin an explanation about his past actions.
Sasha passed her background check and finally got to buy the gun she had reserved at the store.
Lee's wife was involved in a car accident. She was taken to ER. Lee came over later.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner, but had to rush home soon to see their favorite show.
Lee saw Tracy standing in a doorway looking dejected so Lee made his way over to Tracy.
Lee looked lovingly at Jan and could not stop smiling.
Riley rescued Jan from the fire that was in her apartment.
Jordan could not get the hang of the videogame, so Jordan eventually asked for help.
Tracy wanted to play football so they played with their friends.
Aubrey's car kept breaking down on her. Aubrey decided to buy a new car to keep her safe.
Jesse told Sasha that they would go to the party together and have a good time there.
Bailey was minding their niece on Sunday and took her to church with her.
Jordan gave Robin support after the car accident.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan that day after finding out the rumor.
Kendall spent all day cooking a pot roast. Finally, it was done cooking.
Carson and his friend got arrested for vandalism. Carson enforced their rights to remain silent.
Casey came home and got what she needed, and then decided to stay home and skip work.
Ash bought Bailey a new toy and Bailey just looked at it, so Ash suggested Bailey play with the toy.
Ashley had had a really tough day, so Jordan decided to tell a joke.
Kai blew the toy to kingdom come with his science experiment.
Skylar met Kendall's boyfriend's parents. He thought the were pretty nice people.
Addison traded Skylar mechanic work for Skylar's babysitting services for his son.
Sasha open robins account so she could pay off her debt.
Casey met their friend at a bar to discuss the business idea.
Since she was preparing for the upcoming dance competition, Jan learned how to dance the tango.
Austin observed the seed every day in the morning in the little pot.
Bailey married a pretty woman after years of dating a man.
Carson examined Skylar carefully and inferred that she was lying to him.
Quinn hired Austin to build their new home for them last week.
Ash has a very large yard that needs to be cleared out. Ash chooses to pull up all the stumps.
Casey cooked up a storm and made a great dinner.
Aubrey played the violin in the symphony on Christmas Day.
Sasha wanted to go to the zoo all summer long and asked her parents eveyr day.
Sydney spent all day designing several different cakes in hopes of making sales.
Riley slowly walked toward the down and sobbing opponent.
Carson took Jordan's hand in his and asked him on a date.
Ash got a hold of Casey on the phone and asked if they could play.
Jesse saved money for years so that he could retire young.
Skylar monitored the patient's heart rate when they were in the hospital.
sydney was asked on a date by brad, so taylor decided to also ask sydney.
riley went to work like usual and saw his boss at work.
robin loved animals but she always loved kittens best.
Bailey can't stand the food even after having lived in the country for three years.
One of Skylar's students came by the office to get some extra help. Skylar helped them understand the work.
Aubrey played a model in the making on the new show, and it ended up being a hit.
Sasha introduced liquid into the cells and watched as they tripled in size.
Kendall always brought his sneakers with him to play basketball on the court.
quinn was bored so she skipped, hummed, and hawed.
Sasha asked Ash to come home. They were tired of arguing.
ash was a tattle tale so she got cameron's mom.
Casey threw a big surprise party at Quinn's house for their birthday.
Addison's birthday was tomorrow so Kai got Addison's friends together for the surprise party that he was throwing.
Skylar explored other options to solve the non-emergency problem because their first solution made the problem worse.
Jesse ignored her colleagues and asked a stranger off the street for suggestions to improve the project.
Kendall gave their friends hope they'd be able to attend the football game this Friday if they helped prepare the garage for a garage sale.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment after failing to pay the rent for several consecutive months.
Skylar made Quinn crazy with her constant demands and requests so he was thinking about breaking up.
Casey was playing in the yard when the storm rolled into their town.
Kendall grew tired after staying up all night to study.
addison was tired of quinn so he got her in kai's trademark trap.
Jesse deepened Remy's understanding of physics when he explained it with diagrams.
Addison had a lot of things to do before work. Addison made sure to feed the dog.
Riley helped Aubrey out of the water because she wasn't breathing.
Remy carried out Addison's work and punched out for the day.
Remy sold Carson's house at a price because she was a real estate agent.
Alex was told Kai did not want to go to the party because he had to study.
Jan steeled their nerves before going into the office to face their parents.
Skylar bought a hammer at the store and started to build something in her new garage.
Robin started school early so she could leave early.
Ash gave Aubrey Jan's name when she could not remember what it was.
Cameron did their job well at the factory.
Skylar walked home one day instead of taking the bus.
Taylor didn't want the officer to have their last name so Taylor used Jordan's last name.
Aubrey asked the waitress to bring them a burger and fries with a side of coleslaw.
Robin gave Casey a blow and it felt wonderful.
Carson was playing football for his school team. Carson scored the winning touchdown.
Casey went to high school. They wanted to be an engineer.
Quinn worked at a store and was Robin's cousin. Quinn gave Robin a discount.
Jan answered every phone call during the fundraiser and eventually became very tired and wanted to sleep.
Sydney noticed blood on her hands from a cut, so she washed her hands.
Lee gave Cameron a hard time about how bad he is at skateboarding.
Bailey's little brother wanted help learning to skate. Bailey got their skates on.
After deciding to move and finding a brand new job, Aubrey finally moved into their new house.
Aubrey asked her kids if they wanted ice cream but they scream no.
After a heated argument, Ash had been worrying that Jordan was getting overweight and greedy. So, Ash got Jordan one hotdog.
Riley made Kendall's discovery known to the world and got many awards for it.
Quinn let their cat sleep inside because it was cold outside.
Sasha had gotten flowers from a secret admirer. Sasha bought a vase at a low price.
Sydney was buying a cake for Jordan's birthday so Sydney picked Jordan's favorite.
Addison cut Austin's hair shorter than expected because they had just gotten into a fight.
Robin picked up their car from the shop. Robin drove home their car.
Remy talked like people hated him because he wanted others to see how it felt.
Lee left Austin at the house while he was busy at work.
Taylor got home from the grocery store with a heavy bag of groceries.
Jan stayed up all night to study. Jan put the book on the bed.
Robin buries Kendall's secret about how they faced danger and backed away so that they could blackmail kendall.
Sasha didn't trust what the official told her so she sought advice elsewhere.
Sydney flew around town to see the many people having fun.
After getting the lead role in the ballet, Casey peformned their dance effectively.
Skylar went to the bank and took out a lot of money.
Quinn studied all summer and went the day of the exam came, Quinn tried really hard.
Aubrey had a very bad food poison so Aubrey made a doctor's appointment.
Ash talked to Lee's daughter about what she will get her dad for his birthday.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree in the ground as they had agreed upon as part of the landscaping contract.
Tracy entered Austin's father's name on the blank line and he won the tournament.
Alex wanted to get out of the house and took  Aubrey to the park for two hours.
Aubrey bought a few lottery tickets and was excited. Aubrey got their hopes up.
Robin was especially hard headed especially as of late.
Alex and Lee had their second date. At the end, Alex kissed Lee deeply.
Sydney was looking in the library and found a good fantasy book to read.
Aubrey had a huge party and the others were happy to attend.
Alex really needed the money so decided to sell the old one.
Jan went and played hard to help her team out.
Jesse developed a concrete plan and thought through the possible options.
Tracy was filling out the birth certificate for Austin and entered Austin's father's name on the blank line.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept her help when Aubrey was struggling in school.
sydney met aliens in space and learned a few things so he sent peace to the earth.
Addison feel and hurt their arm so they rang Sasha who agreed to meet them at the emergency room.
Sydney made it special for him and he really appreciated all the effort that was put in.
Remy was not being careful while playing and jerked Aubrey's head back really hard.
Addison gave Sasha's position their approval for the time being at the workplace.
Remy sent word to Tracy that Tracy is in trouble.
With careful planning, execution, and thorough follow-through, Sasha achieved their aims.
As the storm started to worsen, Ash began looking for shelter to stay warm and dry.
Sasha asserted her choices at the new restaurant she was at.
Casey gave their friend a second chance at playing the video game against them.
Kendall slipped up and mentioned Alex's name in front of their crush.
Skylar told lee to bring drinks to the party for everyone attending.
Remy challenged them to a game to settle the feud. Remy stated clearly the rules of the game.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out on a date to the park behind Kendall's back.
Kai slowly walked the several blocks home from school after the principal suspended him.
Addison checked under Skylar's car for any problems to the muffler because it was loud.
Kendall took them to the museum so they could learn about science.
Bailey made a mark on the ground by the tree in the forest.
Riley noticed that Jan was choking and couldn't breathe, then Riley saved Jan's life.
Bailey was excited to spend their Christmas money. Bailey bought a video game.
the cat scratched alex in the face so alex chased the cat.
Cameron was a big hit at the party after showing off her dance moves to the kids.
Remy loved Robin's gift of a new coffee machine; it was just what Remy had asked for.
New beautician Skylar dyed Casey's blonde hair with purple and white stripes to get her ready for Halloween weekend.
addison wanted to play a weird game so he exposed the person to a number.
Lee threw all of his garbage away after going through and picking it all up.
Sasha improved her performance a lot after she listened to the teacher.
Robin played football with Riley's friends and they ended up winning the match 2-0 so they went out for a pint to celebrate.
Taylor worked very hard researching her topic for her English paper in school.
Carson spent time listening when nobody else would and all of the kids loved him.
Jesse put Lee's concerns at ease after Lee came home crying about mean kids at school.
Lee set the pot on soil so he could watch it grow over thing spring.
lee planted over 30 green beans on his field that day.
Skylar read the paper to her grandfather who was blind.
Jordan couldn't find Taylor anywhere and was starting to get worried.
Casey went back to bed after they realized the noise was only the cat.
Aubrey bought a gift card for their friend, but used it themselves.
Jesse helped Remy by massaging his back with his feet.
Cameron gave Tracy money as a gift for her wedding day.
Jan pushed the limit too far this time and got punished for the action.
While visiting a friend, Ash got caught stealing one of their favorite toys.
Bailey is Jan's younger sister. Jan took Bailey round the fair all day.
Riley texted while driving and ran into the back of another car.
Tracy caught the mouse that was hanging around in the living room.
Taylor drove his friends home from the party in the middle of the night.
Kai was having a slumber party at a hotel, and decided to have Kai's friends come too.
Sasha resigned inside Casey's office due to her finding a better job.
Casey shone Carson's shoes after Carson asked him to.
Carson couldn't wait for Alex to open the presents. Carson opened all of Alex's presents on his birthday.
jesse's father was still alive and jesse didn't know the whole time.
Robin put their finger on the ball, and was disqualified for cheating at the pool game.
Carson asked Addison to forgive her bad behavior yesterday.
Bailey brought Jordan's umbrella to Jordan when the storm began.
Kendall had a roast chicken for dinner but rather than wasting the left overs, Kendall threw them to the dogs.
Kendall got advice on his sickness from the doctor and followed it.
Taylor's family moved and Taylor had to attend a new school. On the first day, a girl named Quinn became Taylor's friend.
Kai shined a flash like at their friends but turned it away because it got in their eyes.
Kendall played a game of basketball that was very fierce and energy-consuming.
Aubrey's mother had recently passed away and Tracy wanted to show support.
Jan decided to watch the news today because a war broke out last night and her town was being attacked.
Casey gave their friend the benefit of the doubt after the statement was made.
Kai made practice tough, cuts were coming and it was time to separate the wheat from the chaff.
It was getting late and Sasha told Tracy she looked tired.
Carson was a top sales person, and even though Cameron was in danger of losing the account, Carson kept the account for Cameron.
Jordan tried to sleep but couldn't stop thinking about it.
Ash was working on a project with someone. Ash went home with their friend.
The weather was very nice during lunchtime, so Bailey brought their food outside.
Austin told Cameron to make a chocolate desert for their card game tonight.
Remy ordered pizza instead of making something at home.
Jesse's car wouldn't start, so Ash complied with Jesse's desperate request to drive them to a job interview.
Austin reached their goals and decided to celebrate by throwing a big party at the local country club.
Bailey took Aubrey to the house where everyone was waiting to have an intervention for Aubrey.
Quinn found people to help Robin with her math homework.
Jesse needed ice to put on their knee that they had twisted.
Quinn helped Austin's community because they liked to help others.
Lee walked downtown to see if anyone would give him a job.
Bailey had a busy schedule and was overbooked. Bailey wanted to quit volunteering.
Jordan sought after and found themselves therapy to help out their issues.
Aubrey tried to get Kendall to go to the dance with her and he was not interested.
Robin never gave her friends anything for their birthday parties.
Sydney caused Austin's company to go bankrupt in a matter of months.
Bailey got off their high horse and had to settle for a smaller plate of food.
Sydney put the rest to work after they had a break.
Jordan held the bike so that his son could ride it.
Kai stopped playing and their injuries started to heal after a while.
Jesse and Remy were playing against each other in a tournament. They had to play one last game to determine the champion.
Lee wanted to learn ceramics so when offered the chance they took the class.
Lee made a rhyme using Bailey's name and made a song with it.
Robin needed something to do after school, so Tracy urged him to join the club.
Taylor shared interests with Remy in watching similar TV shows and movies.
Robin bought a new dog for her friend when it was her birthday.
Kendall changed Bailey's dress when they realized it didn't fit.
Cameron and Gianni were playing video games and Cameron his Giannis character from behind and won the game.
Austin sent their kids off to school in order to get them ready for life.
Ash took Kai's medicine prescription to be refilled at the pharmacy while Kai was sick in bed.
Riley was running late for work because of a traffic jam.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas so they wouldn't have to push it all the way there.
Riley was trying to get out of their country. Riley moved quickly.
Casey urged Bailey to accept the deal even though the deal favored Casey strongly.
Jesse went to the bathroom and locked the door behind them.
Quinn was falling apart after becoming overwhelmed by the material they needed to study.
Bailey checked Ash's phone for anymore messages about the big game happening right now.
Casey hired Cameron on the spot when she saw his resume.
Taylor was a builder and built Ash's brand new home for him.
Jesse went potty in the portable toilet.
Cameron wanted to become a research scientist. Cameron studied science for years.
Cameron jumped out of the car angrily and found a way home by them self.
Riley stole a car and got away with it.
Taylor also played the violin but he needs to practice his skills with the guitar first as he needs this to warm up.
Riley pulled over to safety because he heard a loud noise while driving.
ash had a deal with some mobsters so he paid dividends to them.
Alex wanted to go for a hike with his dog, so he took his dog to the car.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best and made her stay at home every night.
Sasha wanted a dog, but was not confident in controlling it.
Austin gave Robin reason to succeed and motivated them to do their best.
Taylor helped Bailey get an abortion through paying for it.
Ash went to the summer camp and spent time in the woods. Ash went home the following week.
Skylar let Cameron down gently after they broke up.
Carson stood outside and waited for a friend to pick them up.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed at sports.
Sasha slept late that night and was late for the work in the morning.
Sasha got hit by the baseball after Ted batted the ball.
Jan drove home from work one evening and got a flat tire when she was almost there.
Jesse cut Skylar's finger and was stuck with a hospital bill that he had no money to pay.
Jesse was looking for a rare item for a while. Jesse finally found it online so bought it.
Since they seemed very well qualified for the position, Skylar gave Quinn an interview.
Robin studied engineering at the university and somehow against all odds managed to graduate.
Sasha had many children and they were all treated as one instead of separately.
Carson needed to go to the store and asked Ash to come with.
Skylar had been ignoring Alex all week but finally told Alex how she felt.
Before starting the pizza that she wanted for lunch, Sasha turned the oven on.
Taylor looked at Cameron's best friend and realized it was the person that robbed the bank.
Kai imposed upon Tracy the rules of the club that Tracy wanted to join.
Aubrey sat in the chair nervously awaiting Cameron to finally answer her question.
Jordan flung open the window to jump out because the building was on fire.
Sasha had to figure something out for her job and wanted to accomplish it.
according to the article Taylor brushed Aubrey's hand.
Sydney lost Robin the opportunity because she gave the wrong information during the presentation.
Kendall was within Jesse's reach, but Jesse withdrew their hand.
They were about to cross over the long suspension bridge and Taylor was clearly terrified. Taylor reached Alex's hand.
Taylor played a gig at a bar and was very well received.
Jesse saved all year for a car and finally got the car they wanted.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a birthday card and a creative song just as Ash paid him to do.
Carson heard Robin sing with a very horrible and shrill voice.
Riley saw their old boss at the nightclub later that night.
Lee was supposed to be home by midnight, but he came home later than that.
jan made a deal with a assassin so she considered the arrangements in detail.
Alex pushed Quinn away and announced he wanted privacy.
Sydney turned over every stone so they could find their keys.
Aubrey asked Tracy questions about God. She wanted to know as much as possible.
Taylor mopped the floor for a few minutes and then got some rest.
Remy did something nice for Kendall since it was their birthday.
Sydney took Kai out to lunch to celebrate their birthday.
Alex started to choke on the Shrimp he ate and turned blue.
Skylar got in a big fight with her friends and stayed far away from them after.
Bailey had a job interview, so Lee offered to babysit and took Bailey's baby to the park for the day.
Ash' mom moved across the country, but Ash called her often.
Sasha gave the patient medicine after he wouldn't stop throwing up on her.
Robin took her purse along even though she was trying to shop less.
Aubrey bought a new bed for their home and put it in their top room.
Carson is a car salesman, and yesterday they struck another deal and made a lot of money.
Jesse visited her parents every weekend on Sunday's for dinner a their home.
Kendall included an ink pen and paper in the gift for the writer.
Kai took into consideration the facts about the case and made a big decision later that day.
Austin wasn't very good on stage and had a hard time with acting. Still, Austin wanted to be in the school play.
Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner because it was a complicated recipe.
Aubrey educated their children on right and wrong so they would grow up well.
Austin was called into the authority figures office and was scolded for their bad grades.
Aubrey left the classroom when the bell rang at school.
Remy was making a presentation to their class. Remy did a great job.
Sydney satisfied his ego with his choice words.
Jordan hosted a fundraiser for the church and the church provided food for the event.
Bailey was driving their new car and came within range of another car.
Remy smelled funny because they jog for hours.
Ash asked Casey anything on the subject and had a lot of questions to ask on the subject.
Tracy made new friends and fit in well with the group.
Remy wanted to create their own organization at school. Remy teamed up with Jesse to form one.
Sydney enjoyed the meal that they had at the restaurant with their friends.
Tracy persuaded the intruder to go after surrendering their wallets and jewelry while the others cowered in fear.
sydney was a new employee eager to prove herself so she designed cakes to make sales.
Sydney made some extra money walking dogs so that they could save for a new computer.
Casey's son had outgrown his baby clothes and no longer needed them.
kendall wanted to have privacy so she closed the door after sydney left.
Ash told Mike about his plan to take over the company after buying out stocks.
Austin played every hand with some precise mathematical precision.
Aubrey increased her knowledge about Tracy by taking her out to lunch.
Jesse sought help from others after she was unable to open the big door.
Sydney made it to school and was talking to their friends in the hall.
Tracy snuck up behind Cameron and grabbed him in a big hug.
Kai made woodwork by hand as her new favorite hobby.
Tracy served the family well. Tracy loved the family and wanted to help.
Kendall immediately picked her up on his way back home from work.
Ash ran as fast as the others in the race that she was able to keep up.
Bailey provided information to the members about the new park being constructed.
casey was good at saving money so she kept spending to a minimum.
Lee turned Skylar's date away after Skylar was rushed to the hospital with appendicitis.
ash was not invited to the party because she was told she would be boring.
Jesse paid a lot of money for the old painting that he always wanted.
Riley left the store when she realized the were closing soon.
Aubrey liked playing stringed instruments in the orchestra. Aubrey mostly played the violin.
Tracy raised an eyebrow at Aubrey, because Aubrey was making her mad for flirting.
Wanting to thank them for their warm hospitality, Ash brought Lee's family a gift.
kai found a dog in the street and gave the dog to quinn's grandmother.
Ash got a new phone, after using the same old one for the last ten years.
Riley stayed home from school because she was sick. Riley watched cartoons all day.
Sasha would like her boyfriend to finally propose to her.
Tracy headed towards Austin on the station and said hello to him.
kai was a playful person so he loved to play paintball.
Kai used their judgment to decide not to buy the car.
Jesse's struck their flag when hitting it with his cannon in the ship.
Remy is a singer. Taylor acted as Remy's agent and booked Taylor for a major show.
kai was playing a game so he got very bored.
Ash was hungry so a poured a bowl of cereal into his favorite bowl.
Sasha asked Ash to come back after Ash found another job in the city.
Robin took a test and got a very good grade on it.
Carson looked everyone but wasn't able to see Bailey before dusk.
jordan was a hard worker so he usually went to bed early.
Casey played a joke on their mother with all of her siblings which was mean.
After years of wanting to be a parent Taylor discovered there was a way to contribute to the well being of children. So Taylor provided a foster home for children.
Tracy had pets all her life and loved animals.
Addison ran 5 miles for the race and wound up winning.
Quinn is a marketing manager for the business.
Cameron's car had been in bad shape for a while. Finally, Cameron bought another car.
Jan took Bailey downtown, since the fair was in town. They were there walking around the fair all day.
Alex was hungry so they went out to eat sushi.
Jordan showed their parents the vase after they had accidentally broke it playing ball in the house.
Kai separated the kids from the men in tae kwon do class to teach better.
Sasha leaved and went to the party anyway.
skylar watched alex play in the park to try and relieve some stress.
Bailey gave the finger to the world after getting fed up from what happened.
Alex built the fort in the backyard and invited their friends to see.
Sydney is a doctor who treated the unconscious Taylor perceived to be dead.
Sasha gave Aubrey a mean look. Sasha was a cruel person with a bad attitude.
Alex played Monopoly, but flipped the board over when they lost.
Sydney called out my name when they saw me and ignored everyone else looking on.
Sasha took the kitten home to play with the other kittens for a few hours.
Robin sent the letter back to the school saying she accepted their scholarship.
Cameron turned Remy's body over and quickly searched for any signs of trauma.
Quinn waited an hour after they ate to go swimming in the lake.
Sydney wanted to stop for lunch even though they had eaten only two hours earlier.
Sydney placed Remy's phone at the edge of the kitchen sink and it fell into garbage disposal.
Skylar greeted her mom at the door when her mom returned home from a trip.
Quinn signed their copy of the book so they know which one is theirs.
Alexa was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
bailey was a nice person so she provided support to members.
Kendall and Aubrey were standing in a hall, Kendall but her hands at her side so she did not block the hall.
Skylar escaped with their life after the fiery car crash.
Tracy told their parents what happened the night before when the dog managed to get out.
Quinn noticed a disturbance outside so he looked out the window.
Casey took her chances with Austin by going on a first date with him. They had a good time.
Taylor created the system that Jordan uses at work and is easy to use.
Austin went with Remy to a fortune teller and Remy was a little hesitant to go.
Skylar cooked dinner for Jesse's girlfriend and it was a big steak with a side of mashed potatoes.
Tracy was at work for several hours. Tracy became hungry later.
Bailey took Taylor by surprise when she brought over a gift for no reason.
Sydney told Bailey's grandma a secret about what Sydney does.
Sasha sent a nice message to Alex and was told never to text her again.
Jordan immediately went and took action when the problem occurred.
Quinn took the money and spent it until it was all gone.
Ash offered the job to the man with a great deal of pay.
Alex soon realized the food is getting burnt in the oven.
Skylar had a lot of money so he always buys the exspensive things.
Robin was in the garden and found some flowers she didn't remember planting. Robin examined these flowers in detail.
Sydney shone like the sun after giving the speech and received a a standing ovation.
Sydney made their birthday special.
Quinn wasn't well liked, because they always made a lot of assumptions about everyone they came across. It was rude.
Robin's parents were visiting from out of town. Robin wanted to show them things so she took them around the neighborhood.
Kai gave up his personal time to help a struggling classmate.
Kai has been cut from the team because her skills have diminished by a lot.
Casey followed Quinn's lead down the hiking trail being careful not to fall.
Jesse played baseball for the first time and discovered that she was pretty good at it.
Addison carried his backpack everywhere in the Magic Kingdom.
Bailey told their friends that she cared a lot about them.
Just as they were about to leave for their important job interview, Ash realized that they had lost their keys.
Ash decided to give Jesse the chair in the very crowded room.
Sydney wanted to cry after she saw the sad movie.
Cameron found out that he was about to be a millionaire.
Tracy hurt Austin too often and Austin called the police on her.
Quinn used their telepathy to transmit their thoughts to their twin across the country.
Jordan saw a dog on the street and decided to pick it up.
Casey held Robin's hand as they walked though the garden.
Austin dreaded going to work, because Cameron would make fun of Austin all day.
Sydney kept Addison entertained throughout the night since there was nothing better to do.
Kendall provided Jordan the interface on how to make the program for the project.
Aubrey opened Kai's swollen mouth to say something and then walked away.
Sydney drove Remy mad when they spent some time with others.
Addison raised the flag to see who salutes it when they were at work together.
Tracy fought the same way as Aubrey and they both won the battle with ease.
Jordan believed in hypnosis therapy. Jordan believed the therapist could control his mind.
Alex was cooking a big dinner for her friends and opened a jar of spaghetti sauce to heat up.
Remy held Riley in Remy's arms. Remy knew that Riley needed comforting in his time of crisis.
Riley was being mean and teased Bailey. Riley put their finger in Bailey's mouth and Bailey bit on Riley's finger.
Taylor was responsible for bringing the food and they did indeed bring some.
Others saw a stray dog on the street. Riley took the dog to the shelter.
It was his last day at work before leaving to get married so Sydney planned a party and celebration will all his colleagues.
Robin is a fastidious dresser who takes good care of their clothing.
Quinn spent many years studying. Finally it became graduation time for him.
Kai wanted to get married to his best friend and high school sweetheart.
Kendall went to the stable and wanted to ride a horse.
Jordan was doing a carnival game at the fair. Jordan punched below their weight because he was unsure.
Austin had a lot of fun at the amusement park that day.
Sydney swam at the local pool where she was on the swim team.
Ash was looking very frightened and was shaking, so Sasha asked Ash to explain what had happened.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter because Addison was an old and dying dog.
Casey drew Skylar's attention to the fact in order to protect her.
Aubrey counted sheep while she layed down at night.
Robin yelled at Sydney. Robin assumed what Sydney's expression meant.
Ash was planning a new building and used a model to represent it.
Austin called a friend to let him know that he would be at the party.
Their friends were trying to throw a big event, so Remy offered to help with the party.
Lee looked over to Jim who always too talked much in class.
Against her better judgement, Robin took Casey for a walk without his leash.
Quinn was injured so Austin helped by bringing food to Quinn's lips.
Riley saw their boss at work even though it was supposed to be their day off and everyone at work was being lazy.
Remy put Jan's toy away because they were done playing.
Aubrey kissed the gunner's daughter and was told to leave by the gunner.
Carson took their food upstairs to watch TV while eating.
Bailey got a late call from her boyfriend who dumped her out of nowhere.
Sydney got their mind off of it for the time being.
Kendall was minding their 4 nieces so Kendall took them to the museum for a day trip.
Riley made fun of Sydney when they sang and was really mean to her.
Bailey judge the righteousness of the man, and found them to be a full blown sinner.
Kai was part of a boxing club so when school finished Kai walked there from school.
Aubrey had a broken leg but still went to donate food to the homeless shelter.
Jordan created another table to figure out what their monthly expenses were.
Addison defended Taylor's position when they were having a debate with others.
Kendall took them to the museum and the kids had a good time there.
Riley got to know Remy after their first date and really liked what was revealed.
Aubrey enjoyed their day off. They didn't get many days off.
Tracy began to spread out the parts for the collage they were making.
Ash moved Cameron only an inch during the wrestling match.
Skylar went for a walk in the park to clear their mind after the game.
Robin saw a poster on the telephone pole asking the neighbors to be on the lookout for a lost dog.
Riley and Kai argued.  Riley then pushed Kai onto the ground.
Alex made a list of what he needed at the store.
Ash was getting ready to move. When going to pack, Ash realized they had too much stuff.
Bailey cooked Lee a delicious roast duck dinner for their first date in order to impress them.
Quinn ate steak in one sitting because he was so hungry from practice.
Tracy woke up on the wrong side of the bed but still tried to be kind to everyone that day.
Sasha saved the boy's life by rescuing him from drowning at the community pool.
Jordan provided Casey with her sleeping pills thus making her sleepy.
taylor placed their crown on the throne and gave a speech that inspired the croud.
Lee hired a painter to help Carson paint her new home in the city.
Kendall stood to reason when she gave her persuasive speech in class.
Jordan is a corrections officer and he was responsible for freeing Carson from prison after he completed his sentence.
Carson gave a book to his son and watched his son read it.
Jordan decided to help Sasha catch her dog. The muddy canine was running wild in the neighborhood for the last hour.
Jordan stopped at talked to be when I was driving my car down the road.
Leah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar used to live with Casey but moved away. She recently decided to move back.
Tracy asked Lee to give them a break from working in the coal mines that day.
Addison visited their uncle's farm every summer to help out.
Remy, a teacher, brought their students together to tell them that they were going to retire.
Taylor gave a lecture to 14 years olds but as Taylor usually taught adults, Taylor considered the audiences capacity to learn and adapted the information.
Cameron was involved in an accident while biking on the way home from school, the injury site now has a bump.
Jan inflicted pain upon Bailey. They then apologized for their actions.
Lee got ready for Kendall's big birthday celebration. He got all dressed up.
Taylor used crutches after she broke her leg.
Jan was selling unusual kitchen products and could tell Robin wa interested.
Kai blew away to kingdom come by being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Riley needed to buy kitchen equipment and the ingredients for a recipe before she learned how to cook.
Jesse has been invited out to a club with their friends. Jesse wasn't ready to go and came home first.
Kai smelled horrible and he didn't want to shower either.
Tracy attained the end of the song there where it was not supposed to end.
Taylor had an upset patient but did what she could to improve their mood.
Skylar wanted to catch Jordan in the act, so they burst into Jordan's room.
Sydney ran and all and all night so they were able to carry the message forward.
Austin put Kendall and teresa on the news' research team that reports on the war.
Sydney saw what was making the noise and stomped it out.
Carson is currently 9 months pregnant and close to giving birth.
Alex earned a living working for Bailey and Bailey appreciated their employee.
Jordan hid his report card from his parents because he had failed two classes but they found it.
Kai took the two strange men she met at the party home with Casey.
Casey couldn't find the right size in women's shirts so she wore men's shirts.
Aubrey wanted to prove her love to Jesse so she made Jesse promises.
Bailey had lots of friends and introduced them to others.
Lee was out in the middle of the night looking around because Lee had a new puppy but lost it.
Alex left their apartment and went to the store and bought some apples.
Addison checked Skylar's car for a broken engine under the hood.
Sydney belonged to Cameron's group and made sure to stay loyal to it.
Robin got Aubrey's hair cut. It had gotten really long since her last hair cut.
Cameron ran some tests on Kendall to see what was wrong with them.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter on that day to get a new dog.
After turning in the paper late, Tracy skated on thin ice.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's order to clean the aisle that a customer made a mess in.
It was snowing heavily, and to be proactive, Jesse promptly shoveled their driveway.
Though Robin was broke they gave a loan to someone who needed money for groceries.
Addison asked Tracy's girlfriend to go out with them instead of Tracy.
After sending an email to their mother, Alex received a message.
Remy was busy with a few friends, so Addison shared part of Remy's company.
Bailey prayed for her brother in church as others watched her closely.
Sasha asked Carson if he wants to go to the Junior Prom with her.
Taylor bit Austin's lips because Austin punched Taylor and it was a reflex.
Jordan was going to miss Jan forever after Jan decided to move away.
Casey was at the park and saw Carson's aunt.
Bailey took her family to the dog park. When they got there, their dog was very excited to play with the other dogs.
Austin was boxing someone bigger than him. Austin fought in their corner when it started.
Lee closed the door behind Sydney so that they could have a private conversation about Lee asking for Sydney's daughter's hand in marriage.
Austin cried all the way back home after falling off of his bike.
Tracy created Remy an image to hang on the wall of her new home.
Remy showed Alex's dog lots of love and thought about getting their own dogs.
Alex changed Addison's life for the better by offering them a good job.
Casey's two younger siblings begged to go to the zoo, so Casey took them.
Robin helped Tracy study after school in preparation for the final exam in their biology class.
On the swing set in Evansville Alex held as we swayed.
Alex seized Austin opportunity.
Cameron got a work out and his muscles were strained.
Jan went to a sleepover at their friend's house one night. Jan played games with their friends there.
When their friend said the best food was hamburgers Riley begged to differ.
Cameron asked Casey to write home and tell her how she was doing.
Robin had to call in sick because the flu was getting out of control.
Sydney got fired today, but found another job by the end of the day.
Quinn wanted a new dress from the store and went and bought one.
Jan acquired Skylar's interest.  Skylar ended up asking Jan for a date.
Alex took his leave for school and left his home that night.
It was late at night and I was drunk so Sydney picked me up and parked my car.
Carson kept their woodpecker's dish of sunflower seeds filled up at all times.
Kendall recently won the lottery. Kendall owed their friends money and gave their friends gifts.
Riley was messing up in school, but then Riley turned things around.
Austin was unsure with what to do with his future. Austin joined the military.
Casey took his motorbike off road and tried to run people over.
kendall was a nice person so he put money under casey's pillow to surprise him.
Tracy's mom was always doing something nice and helpful for Tracy and her friends.
Quinn and her fiance decided to elope across the country.
Kendall had great plans but after an accident was disabled so after speaking with Addison, Addison put Kendall's thoughts into action.
Alex punched a circus lion playfully in the face, and was then maul to death by the lion.
Addison's friend didn't understand the homework so Addison explained it in another way.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend to check up on how Aubrey was doing after the car accident.
Alex crossed Quinn's face with his fist after school.
Kendall met Robin's family before introducing Robin to her's.
Ash sounded just like we when he was about four years old.
Sydney was collecting flowers to put on the table. They put flowers in a vase.
Robin dove into the water and swam as fast as she could across the water.
Sasha knew they didn't need the shoes, but bought the shoes anyways.
Remy checked the weather forecast and found out that it would be rainy during the planned birthday picnic.
Cameron and their friends were throwing Kendall a surprise party. Cameron announced Kendall's arrival.
Aubrey ran everyday to prepare for the marathon coming up.
Casey asked what happened at school and was told there was a shooting.
Casey avoided doing laundry until later, because Casey felt like watching movies.
Casey prepared all week for the big test that was very hard.
Many years had passed since the previous high school reunion. Worried about some new wrinkles, Cameron filled their face with Botox. The reunion was only a week away.
Addison was having her birthday party in the afternoon and nobody came.
Robin brought a guest speaker to talk to the class, so Robin introduced them to the class before their presentation.
Skylar was stung by a bee because they were hitting the nest with a stick and all the bees got angry.
Taylor stirred men's imagination with his creative art displays.
Tracy was being silly and threw their food in the air.
Alex is in a well trained soldier and belongs to an elite team.  Therefore, they defeated every soldier.
Quinn was a barber who was cutting Austin's hair. Quinn spun Austin around in the chair.
Ash used pins to mark important places on a map that he's traveled to.
Carson immediately picked it up hoping the apple was not bruised to badly.
Addison gave a kiss to her friend Kendall and told her she would be okay.
Jesse felt skylars hand which he could see was cold and trembling.
Skylar joined the students at school when they protested the school lunches.
Kai cried every time when he watched the sad movie.
Bailey apologized to their boss after she was yelled at.
Ash presented their dog as a sacrifice to the gods so that they could be wealthy.
Sasha took a break in the park after running the 5 miles of the trail that went through it.
Jesse went quickly to their mother and asked to receive their present before the others could react.
Taylor got the show on the road so they wouldn't be late leaving.
Kendall had to buy another one after her phone cable broke down.
sasha felt bad for jesse so she sent flowers his way.
Jesse showed up at the local bar after he got off of work.
Taylor maintained their integrity even though their friends were encouraging them to lie to their teacher about cheating on the paper.
Robin filled her pipe with tobacco and inhaled deeply several times.
Skylar got worse recently after all the medication stop helping in any way.
Taylor was voted as their class valedictorian, so they gave a speech in front of their class.
Sasha provided Addison with many opportunities, and Addison was eventually able to land a high paying job.
Sydney cooked a good meal for dinner and really enjoyed it.
Casey got another girlfriend as soon as they broke up with previous girlfriend.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in sports further by taking them to a game.
Remy used to be very short for his age, but he was growing taller by the year and catching up to his friends.
Addison decided to run outside.  It was a nice day.
His friend asked Austin if he could use his new iPad. Austin agreed and loaned it to him.
Quinn put his head down, pouting. Lee raised Quinn's head to talk to him.
Quinn was supposed to clean his room, but he left clothes all over the place.
Carson showed support to Casey has they held their hand during a study on behavior.
After Kendall and Robin had been dating for a few months, Kendall met Robin's family.
Austin caught the flu and felt very weak from the illness.
Cameron went swimming in the lake even though it was really deep and cold.
Jan was rough with Bailey's car driving it like a racer and as a result blew the engine.
Kendall considered the possibility of quitting smoking and decided to do it.
Riley kept the money that she found next to a sleeping homeless person.
Casey did not ask anyone what they knew about the recent murder.
Skylar decorated Robin's room with all new decorations that they bought for them.
taylor needed his friend to become king so he placed his hopes on the throne.
Austin made Addison say the announcement over the intercom at lunch.
Kai talked to their teacher so they can get a better understanding of the homework material.
Jesse recently bought an e-book reader. Jesse liked to read.
Jan satisfied Carson's desires and Carson expressed his undying love to her.
Ash held back his hair with a new headband that he just bought.
Aubrey saw Taylor ordering at the food court and stole her shopping bag.
Robin was going to take a test and told Robin what they needed to know.
Robin had passed away and gone to be with god in heaven.
Jordan missed his mom's call and could get a hold of her so Jordan quickly got home.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend that Riley could go out that night.
Sasha was leaving for a hiking trip. Sasha advised Quinn to meet them at the entrance to the mountain.
Remy was looking for someone to play with. Remy found a girl in the park.
To make up for everything that the people had suffered, Robin avenged their father's wrong doing and crimes.
Cameron took the cat to the vet for a check up.
Robin spoke in depth about many facets of Alex's mind before moving on to the topic of biology.
Audrey ignored Austin when they saw each other. Austin took it as a sign that they did not want to be friends any longer.
Since Bailey had invited Kai to a nice restaurant, Kai joined Bailey for dinner.
Kendall studied all night for her math exam, and gave her notes to a friend befor the test.
Wanting to celebrate with friends and family, Kendall had a party at Jordan's house.
Carson had been juicing regularly to benefit their immune system response.
Addison found Carson a new place to live in the city.
Kendall played frisbee with Ash's dad, but fell and broke their ankle.
Taylor really liked Sasha's hair, so Taylor made sure to pay Sasha a compliment.
how many voted for the first time because she did not want President Trump to be her president for the next four years.
Sasha asked their friend Ash if they could drive them to the library that day.
Casey took the dog to the vet after the dog vomited for the third time.
After contemplating suicide for many months, Alex considered another choice.
Austin visited Skylar's uncle at the house and had a few beers.
Austin was new at school and struggled to make friends.  Cameron was the popular kid at school and would make fun of Austin and others.
Ash offered Riley a ride to the library to finish getting his GED.
Sydney surprised her husband with a vacation for their anniversary.
Casey said she would come to the party and bring a case of beer with her.
Addison really wanted a child but she wasn't sure if her partner was ready.
Carson was getting the kids ready for school and tied their shoelaces.
Skylar was on summer break from college. Skylar spent a lot of time with friends before returning to school.
Kendall stayed safe at home when it was raining outside that night.
Bailey watched the dog alone and when the pizza driver delivered the pizza, the dog slipped out and took off.
Casey bought cookies from a friend to share with the office.
Jan finally asked the question about the exam format for the test.
Since Jan is married to her husband, she moved in with him and both live together.
sasha went to a party with their friends so they could have a good time and meet people.
The car was driven back by Aubrey who decided to do it.
Sasha sold their car at the price they stated which was good for them.
Knowing that she needed a ride back home, Tracy met Skylar at the station to pick her up.
Jan worked hard to overcome her fear of flying and eventually took a plane to vegas.
Aubrey asked to borrow $5 from Cameron. Cameron said yes, so Aubrey got Cameron's wallet.
Skylar decided to eat for two people because she was pregnant and starving.
Skylar played ball instead of studying for her chemistry test for school.
Kendal had some questions.  Robin provided Kendall information.
Bailey placed Taylor at the head of the class even though Taylor got the worst grade.
Quinn developed a talent for spelling words very fast.
Riley and Taylor were out having lunch together and when Taylor asked Riley an awkward question, in anger Riley tipped over Taylor's soda.
Addison went to the pet store and bought herself a brand new dog.
Quinn guided Remy and provided a framework.
Kendall is a hard worker and contributed to their success.
Quinn stuck their head in the sand and ignored everything else.
carson was a mean person so he dug his nails into jesse's chest.
Bailey started to train a group of girls on how to play soccer.
Bailey prevented the chair from turning because her son kept playing in playing in it.
Quinn checked her wallet for cash and cellphone for charge and decided to go to the mall.
Jesse bit their tongue when they were trying to say something.
Remy hadn't seen the shore in ages.  She was so happy to be back in the sun.
Remy kept her grades up so that she could go on vacation with the family.
Jesse was hungry for cookies, so they decided to bake the cookies.
Quinn's computer broke down last night so he played games on Kai's computer.
Casey ties the sashays together so that they will be usable later on.
Kendall had had a fever for three days, so Jan took her to a doctor.
Jordan raised Taylor's question because they needed to know the truth.
Riley gave the boy the game they always wanted as a gift.
Cameron passed Taylor notes on new course for more information.
Sasha spent an hour studying for the final exam in the class.
Lee told his friend to be nice to him or suffer the consequences.
Skylar turned away from Quinn because he felt guilty about something he did.
Ash called Riley for help with the boat building project.
On the night of the big beauty pageant, Jordan did Sydney's hair and makeup perfectly.
addison was a smart person who studied all the time so it was no surprise when he got good grades.
Remy wanted to pursue their lifelong dream of being a famous actor.
Robin tried to quit smoking but had a long day at the office. Robin filled their pipe.
Austin reconsidered Remy's decision to come over, dreading the amount of tidying up that would have to be done in advance.
Sydney push the rules in the match but still staying within the rule limits.
Cameron stored Addison's data electronically in a secure and private software system.
Tracy was a famous person and was wanting their biography written. Bailey wrote about Tracy's life story.
Bailey had been walking through the wind and rain to get home after work, and their hair was a mess, so Austin ran the brush through Bailey's hair.
Jan took notice of the situation and planned the correct solution.
Tracy asked Lee to meet them at the park that day.
After the landlords decided to raise rent $300, Quinn decided to move.
Carson drank one can of soda but refused to drink others so that they could save them for others.
Remy took a licking and kept on ticking and went to school with a black eye.
Taylor gave Jesse his allergy medicine before grabbing the picnic basket and blanket.
Jesse bought food for this week in order to prepare for Thanksgiving.
Tracy told others that they needed to go to bed and sleep for awhile.
Kendall was teaching Aubrey to play tennis by helping grip the racquet firmly in Aubrey's hands.
Ash put Sydney to work early in the morning and gave her the most labor intensive tasks.
Quinn affected Taylor's sudden change in mood which ruined the day.
austin wanted a new job badly so he accepted every offer he got.
Robin crossed the ribbon over Carson's chest which made him feel honored and included.
Riley bought a new pet and took them to get a couple shots at the vet.
Carson was failing history, Carson's teacher sat down and explained that if they don't pass the next test they will fail the class. Carson studied all week and passed the test.
Carson was a doctor and provided care for patients.
Remy offered to teach Bailey how to read a lot faster.
Kai asked Addison's parents for one more day to pay the rent.
Robin asked Skylar to join the monopoly competition that weekend.
kendall prevented sydney from attempting to jump from the bridge because kendall loved sydney and wanted them to be safe.
Ezra was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse held water for the racers approaching from behind.
Cameron passed Taylor law books at the library so they could read them together.
Jan died soon after her husband of fifty years.
Cameron loved practical jokes while baby-sitting, so Cameron played pranks on the kids.
Austin and Aubrey at a high school dancer. Austin pulled Aubrey closer while they will dancing.
When Sydney went to work sick, she affected the health of everyone around them.
Quinn based their ideas on the principles that they had learned from the academy.
Alex wiped Remy's eye with a tissue because Remy was feeling a little bit sick.
Addison put forth effort to get to know Jesse and Riley.
Tracy was working long hours at the new job and Jordan started doing all of the cooking.
Jordan prevented Kendall's use of the screwdriver because Kendall didn't politely ask for it.
Remy was up all night with the baby. Remy made a pot of coffee to help stay awake.
Aubrey examined the patient and took their vital signs.
Jordan adopted a baby because they weren't able to have one of their own.
Ash was a fire fighter and recently saved a group of children from a terrible fire at the cinema.  This made Ash every man's hero and rightly so.
When Skylar proposed at the football game, Kai said not yet to the question.
CAsey and Jordan were playing hide-n-seek and Casey hid in Jordan's room.
Addison shoveled the snow after the big blizzard they had overnight.
Casey was supposed to get front seat in the car, but Riley got in first and took front seat.
After going on their first date, Alex kissed Lee deeply because he felt sparks fly.
Taylor served Addison's ends by getting a big dinner to eat that day.
Tracy performed her function.  Their employer gave them a raise.
Addison got her story straight before going to the police station to lie for her friend.
Jordan kept Sydney's head from getting hurt by making sure she wore a helmet.
Kendall was doing their first translation job. Kendall managed to Jordan's opinion precisely.
Bailey was just learning how to drive so he went to practice and backed Ash's car up.
Lee laid next to Aubrey and they both watched the scary movie that night.
Jan told Cameron what they did not know and Cameron got really mad at Jan and threatened him.
Austin didn't talk to Casey anymore after Casey cheated him out of money.
Tracy put on an air of caution as the team of explores was approaching the summit.
Alex saw an elephant at the zoo and was amazed at its large size.
Aubrey went to an orange patch and picked random oranges off of the trees.
Alex called the company to get service at their home.
Quinn gave Bailey the best of everything when they went to the restaurant together.
Alex preserved their independence at the cost of spending their life in prison.
Skylar drover her car to the airport to pick up her friend from her trip.
Riley cut their nails and got a big tip for her service.
Sydney woes were gone and had a good time in the park that day.
Lee twisted Sasha's ankle by mistake when they were playing basketball last week.
Jesse kept their cards close to their chest when interviewing people for the job.
Quinn met a new man at the bar and they decided to go home together that night.
Jesse was driving to Riley's house to take them to soccer practice.
Aubrey bought a new dog at the pet store and took it out for a walk.
Jan camped with friends at the park and made smores that night.
Sklyar had stopped breathing but Lee held Skylar's arms anyway, in vain.
Addison went to the gym and after meeting with their instructor and being told about the classes, they started one of the fitness classes immediately.
Cameron looked around for Skylar and eventually found them hiding in the closet.
Carson played soccer for a very good team and they loved it.
quinn gave remy money because she wanted him to be happy.
Cameron gathered money together with others but then ran away from the country with all of it, those were their life savings.
Robin prevented the police from catching the person who robbed the house.
Addison started to have some scary symptoms so Addison wanted to quit smoking.
Sydney's car broke down in the parking lot after work. Sydney took it into the shop.
Kai had laryngitis and could not tell the Dr needs, so Ash expressed them clearly.
Sydney was out after dark with some friends. Sydney played football last night.
Sasha gave her bank the money so the others would not find it at her house.
Taylor created the Jordan system as a way to be organized.
Taylor left Casey alone to go play games online with friends.
Addison looked good and was ready for the modeling shoot.
Jesse went crazy last week after finding out that their partner was cheating on them.
Alex provided advice to the people in a column in the paper.
Sydney bought shoes for their daughter, but they were too tight and needed to be returned.
Addison set him up on a date even though the others warned against it.
Remy took their belongings with them to the beach and had a nice tan.
Cameron turned Taylor's face towards him because Taylor was looking down and sobbing.
Alex had a do not enter sign on the door for Halloween. When Alex saw his friends, he allowed them to enter.
Quinn did their damnedest to make sure they pass.
Alex jumped out of bed after his alarm went off, but soon realized he was late.
Robin felt her way around the room with her hands and her nose.
Casey had to give a speech so they practiced their speech thoroughly.
Carson was good at the game so he won easily.
Taylor showed Casey the path to change her life and re-find her faith.
Skylar made their own witch costume for the Halloween party they were invited to.
Jan started to ring the dinner bell. They were alerting people that it was time to eat.
Robin locked the door behind Kai after slamming it closed.
Skylar used Jesse for other purposes and he objected immediately.
Quinn left the question aside and her employee decided to quit her job.
Carson was not happy about going on spring break and they pissed and moaned the entire trip.
Alex was always the fixer of the group, as such she quickly remedied the situation.
Searching for his lost cat, Casey drove around town.
Jesse baked a cake for Tracy because of his birthday, the cake was really nice and had Tracys name on it.
Riley open the envelope and filled the form out before turning it in on time.
Ash became successful as a missionary in Detroit.
Casey called security to the bar when a fought broke out at the club.
Even though their boss gave them a difficult project, Austin reached their goals before deadline.
Cameron was trying to lift a tree. Their friends warned them that it was dangerous.
Jordan paid Kendall's medical bills because Kendall's school loans had not yet come in.
Austin shifted the sprinkler away because it was spraying water into the house.
Sydney smelled smoke coming from the the backyard with the garage, and after looking Sydney found the building on fire.
Kai bought Remy ice cream in hopes of cheering him up.
Riley played checkers every day with his grandma.
Quinn drank a lot of soda while studying for the upcoming exam and final.
Ash left even though they were told not to and now they are stuck in the snow.
Remy offered to help after seeing her cry over the mess.
Casey saw Carson's aunt out walking so he hid behind a bush and threw rocks at her.
Not understanding the point or motive, Aubrey made Sydney explain herself.
Austin checked the fridge for something to make for dinner.
It was Kai's favorite song and they liked every time they heard it play.
Jan asked Kendall out on a date and came on too strong.
Quinn is leaving home for college which is another state so about 4 hours away by car.
Sydney got Addison's lunch for them and Addison was very grateful to Sydney.
Riley prepared for the reception that was going to be next week.
Bailey allowed their dog to run free at a dog park along with other dogs.
Riley push Casey's fingers into the door jamb at she got mad and started acting crazy.
Robin was sleeping at his girlfriend´s apartment and had not brought his own, so Robin wore women´s deodorant he borrowed from his girlfriend.
Lee searched everywhere for a brand new wagon. Lee managed to find an old one and painted it to look good as new.
After seeing how the women's movement really altered things, Sydeny carried the movement forward.
Taylor put Kai's son down because he was getting too heavy to carry.
Jesse saw what the problem was and decided to solve it.
Sasha become frustrated with her situation and asserted her liberties.
Quinn got Riley an education by paying for her tuition.
Kendall helped to get the fire started after looking for dry leaves and twigs for a while.
Skylar spent that night studying and practicing school work.
Tracy always forgot to take the garbage down to the end of the driveway.
Kai and his friends watched the friend's house burn together.
Because Jan helped her out with a difficult task, Casey got Jan a present.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling by grabbing the arm before falling into the pit.
Sydney tried to get their mom to get them candy at the store.
Remy mounted their horses and went on an adventure in the field.
Taylor also put in money for the pizza and drinks.
Bailey put his skates on to start playing the game.
Sasha sent Ash money.
Bailey wanted to surprise everyone so they cooked everyone breakfast so Jesse and they family ate Bailey's food today.
Carson persuaded the cops to let him go after he was caught speeding.
Jesse told Kai a story around the campfire and Kai said they have a story they can tell.
Austin took Riley to see a doctor after he complained of an ear ache.
Ash gently moved Cameron an inch forward when the line opened up and Cameron was frozen in place in fear.
Alex opened his present very quickly in front of his friends.
Sasha went shopping with their father and he bought her a new dress and ice cream.
kai wanted to tell jordan about the secret things he saw in the basement very badly.
Jesse was writing ideas from coworkers and a coworker had an idea for a supplier so Jesse wrote the name on the board.
The woman showed her resume filled with years of experiences. Ash offered the job to the woman.
Riley went to visit their friend Tracy who is in the hospital.
Kai did not let the child pass them when they were on the street.
Remy's mother was nice enough to cook Jan a meal after a long day.
It was April Fool's day and Ash wanted to do something fun. Ash played tricks on their parents.
Taylor needed to get something to eat and left the dog in Austins room.
Taylor played lots of sports and was very focused on winning.
Jesse and Austin were wrestling when Jessie quickly wrapped legs around Austin's waist.
remy made sure to get his driving license by learning to drive.
Ash found peace for Alex's collection of souls in their favourite role playing game.
Kendall was going to bed for the night so they closed the door after Sydney left.
Carson pulled up stakes to move to another country after school.
Tracy had an exciting life that no one was going to know about. Bailey wrote about Tracy's life story so they would.
Remy made her hair look better. She was tired of her old style.
Ash was seeking shelter in the basement and had a lot of stocked food.
Bailey liked to talk too much and spent an hour wasting Addison's time. It made Addison late for a meeting with her boss and put her behind all day.
Austin hung the bright watercolor painting on the wall of the nursing home dining room.
Carson was diagnosed  stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Carson started writing a blog online.
Sasha stormed out of Casey's office, yelling, and resigned from the job.
Remy grew big, red, tomatoes in the garden behind his house.
Kendall pushed Bailey over they edge, but Bailey told on Kendall.
Alex turns to Tracy, her older sister, for advice when she feels lost. She's a freshman in college with a bright future but has been partying nonstop with no protection.
Remy studied a lot and kept her grades good.
Cameron was quickly approaching the date of his driving license test.
Skylar had a bad time at the game and left in anger after it was over.
Sydney was volunteering to build a house, and they did an excellent job yesterday.
Addison found out about the mans secret from is brother.
Kai limited Riley's usage during the basketball game because Riley has an injury history.
At a party Remy said that he could do a cool trick. People wanted to see so Remy showed everyone.
Addison got a crown when they became queen. Addison wore the crown with pride.
Sasha went to the pet store but they didn't have the pet food she needed.
Jan turned their car left and pulled into the parking lot of the mall.
Cameron gave Addison value as an employee and Addison really appreciated it.
tracy thought the baby was cute so she gave carson's baby a dress.
Robin tried to find her keys, minutes before the bus would arrive. She could afford to miss this one.
Riley caught the bus after the rain started and she had no umbrella.
Austin finally turned the car around after they went for a drive to go home.
Bailey was very health conscious. Bailey ate healthy food all the time.
Bailey watched television all day on her day off from work.
Quinn gave them all one of her books she wrote about depression.
Cameron followed Skylar's example and made a paper airplane in a couple of minutes.
Carson assisted Casey and made a game winning goal. They made a good team.
Jordan visited Aubrey's grandparents that afternoon to see how they were doing.
After robbing the bank down the street, Addison was caught by the police.
according to the article Riley treated her son to dinner.
Alex led his daughter to Christ and went to church everyday forever.
Quinn protected the battalion from attack during the fierce battle of the war.
Skylar used his money as the foundation of Bailey's business which was was let her start to begin with.
Aubrey waited in line for pie all day today because it was good.
Cameron was violent and one day, after making them mad, Cameron broke my leg with the baseball bat.
Since everyone else turned around when they heard the loud noise, Quinn also turned her head and saw the car crash.
Remy knew Taylor was struggling with school so they made Taylor study.
Alex was going to walk home from school, but it started raining out, so Taylor gave Alex a ride home.
Jordan pressed Addison's face to the ground after Addison insulted him.
Robin was a lawyer and brought the paperwork to a trial they were working on.
Sasha was cooking for the first time and accidentally burnt themselves.
Austin was practicing his music but made a mistake so he went back to the beginning.
Sydney offered Casey a ride home after school, and took her by the store on the way there.
Jan heard Austins mother cursing when she was trying to cook dinner.
Even though I was very skeptical about subscribing to the magazines, Kai finally convinced me.
Quinn recovered from his injuries and got back up to play more.
Taylor gave his word to the group but broke it later when he was under duress.
Addison had not stopped looking at Austin all night, so Austin stared back at Addison.
Jan was playing jazz piano, but just struck every key after trying to hard.
Tracy paid all Addison's bills so that they did not have to worry about them.
Skylar complied with Kendall's request and received praise and an offer for a promotion.
Casey tossed the ball back to the child and it rolled under the fence.
Riley rescued Jan by pairing with Jan to meet the project deadline.
Ash became angry at Sasha for never cleaning up and stormed out. Sasha asked Ash to come back.
Jordan sunk Jan's boat by poking holes into it for an hour.
Aubrey always listened while others preferred writing leading to their failure in their main exam.
Alex gave Jan the names of the suspects that had to be investigated.
Ash held their composure together during the very sad drama play on broadway.
Kai noticed their team was failing at the project. The team leader wasn't leading the team.
Sasha spent a lifetime studying to be a doctor in her hometown.
Quinn was relaxing and socializing with their family. They watched football today.
Aubrey let herself go after she lost the beauty pageant twice.
Skylar lost Kai's power tools after borrowing them. Skylar tried to keep the fact hidden but Kai found out they were lost. Skylar values Kai's friendship.
Aubrey helped people understand the math problems that were on the board.
Taylor asked Addison for a date and Addison agreed.
Lee made pancakes for breakfast because they were sick of eating pop tarts.
Although Kendall had been in the hospital for two weeks, Kendall finally came home today.
Aubrey asked Skylar to be their wife and wants to plan a fancy wedding for June.
Jan ran out of supplies for their baby. Quinn bought what Jan needed.
Robin forgot her portfolio in the car but didn't have time to go back. Sasha went to Robin's car to get it.
Alex got a new phone at the store and used it on their way home.
Kendall leaned forward to see the baseball game a lot better.
Alex went bowling last weekend and brought a brand new bowling ball.
Lee called Casey's insurance company so that they could get the coverage info.
Cameron practiced every word of their lines for the school play. They made sure they knew what they were going to say when.
Jesse told Lee many stories from their childhood when times were harder.
Kai enjoyed their time together at the park and had fun with the dog.
Jesse brought the final act to a close to end the very popular play.
Aubrey has only one hour to finish her little brothers birthday party decorations.
Carson moved to a new apartment for the first time in their life.
Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head and got away with the lie for years.
Her friends couldn't figure out which movie to choose so Ash decided instead.
Kendall ate pork even though it was against his religion to do so.
Riley decided to be generous and bought Kai's groceries.
Austin opened Tracy's purse wide and started taking out valuables.
Kendall's husband was a raging violent alcoholic, so she stayed away from the house with the kids.
Sasha put pressure on the government to change it's bad laws.
Kendall left the coat at Remy's place and forgot to get it later.
Austin and their mom baked bread together and it turned out great.
In Las Vegas their are a bunch of sick kids with cancer and Carson has a company that makes medicine. So one day, Carson thought he should save some kids and gave their medicine to the needy.
Jordan protected the radio from the effects of the cancer waves that night.
Skylar was an incredibly difficult psychology patient. Remy held Skylar's meeting at home.
Kai and Kendall wore mittens because it was so cold outside.
Kendall sold skylar's purse at the price of next to nothing because they wanted to teach skylar a lesson.
Skylar learned German in college and started to use it.
The teacher gave Sasha detention.  Sasha learned thier lesson.
Taylor worked too much so he let his son Jesse run free around the house.
Lee finally made it back to the car after getting lost during their long hike in the mountains.
Addison went running through the park when it began to rain outside.
Bailey tried to get ready but had to tend to the dog for a minute.
Kendall got a date with Bailey and they went to dinner to have some food.
Carson heard the song on the radio while she was driving to work.
Jan threw a hook to catch a fish and spent the next hour waiting for a catch.
Cameron brought their family to his play. They were so excited to see him act.
Sasha gave Carson one of the answers to the algebra test.
They'd had a wonderful date, but now Casey wondered if Kai would leave. Then Kai took food home with Casey and brought his duffel bag in.
Melanie was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee quotes them on connection with the play.
Sydney spent hours picking the perfect gifts to give to friends and family for Christmas.
Austin did not bring a bike. Austin rode Jesse's bike.
Kendall gave their friends money because they were in a time of need.
A lot of people are jealous of Jan's accomplishments.  Because of this they cast aspersions towards her but she is able to cast them aside.
Taylor gave Alex something for his birthday because he was a great friend.
Taylor was playing a game of cards and put their cards on the table.
sydney's brother stole from cameron so cameron was angry at him.
Austin bought candy the next day to give to their friend as a present.
Kendall took the kids to the museum on the weekend.
Robin entered Kai's room without her permission and took a shirt.
Carson skipped rope inside because they were bored and had nothing to do.
Addison seen the opportunity to suck up to their boss, so Addison took advantage of it.
Even though they were very nervous for the first day of high school, by the end of the day Casey had a new friend.
lee was getting fat so aubrey made lee go outside.
Taylor was sick and had gotten some medicine from the doctor. Taylor started to get better.
Bailey went to the store to buy some food for Alex and the family.
Aubrey went to their friend's house, where they insulted her and called her mean names.
Kai had started a new job and it was boring.  Kai checked the time and it was still 5 hours to finish.
Bailey loved her children from the day that she gave birth to them.
Carson and Quinn were making out at Carson's house after a date.
Taylor covered Skylar's hands in ink and then pressed Skylar's hands on the sketch book.
Lee made Sydney arrest the person even though it was Sydney's brother.
Remy prepared another cup of soup to eat because they felt sick.
Jan used steroids to have an edge over others.
Jan borrowed Aubrey's pen to write her signature on the paperwork then threw it back to Aubrey.
Sasha told Quinn that there were too many other things going on right now and to meet up with each other later.
Casey reaped what he sows. However, he never seems to learn the lesson.
Riley wants to have a Super Bowl party.
cameron was a experienced man so he gave robin satisfaction in their relationship.
Bailey had a serious heart condition, so Bailey took medication everyday.
Sasha was scared of public speaking, and during speaking at a meeting Sasha just wanted it to end soon.
Austin was decorating their apartment. They hung paintings on the wall.
Kai bought a shirt that he had been really wanting for a long time.
Tracy found Kendall at their place when they were not supposed to be there.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment after having constant fights with the neighbors.
Tracy sent an email to their boss from work, but found out later he didn't get it.
Alex drove their friend home from work one night even though Alex had been drinking.
Austin got their report card and give it to them after dinner.
Quinn wanted to enjoy the pretty day and decided to play tennis.
Remy listened to their favorite song as they were driving their car home.
Riley had been studying for weeks in her room. Riley had a big exam coming up that she had to do well on.
Jan moved back to where she grew up after she was fired from her job.
Casey went to Kai's office to get a refill for her pills.
Tracy offered Carson the job at the amusement park.
Ash found a stash of money in their parent's house and as they were feeling very poor until their next pay day, Ash decided to borrow the money and not tell anyone.
Lee had to go to the hospital because he was having an issue with his foot.
Sydney needed God in their life after she had an accident.
Jesse went to a fancy restaurant with a friend and decided to not pay for it.
Jordan caressed Carson and gazed deeply into his eyes.
Jesse drove slowly and finally backed the car up.
Sasha dug around in the sandpit for hours that afternoon.
Sasha had just bought a 1968 Porsche. Kai's daughter had heard about it and really wanted to see it in person.
Riley stopped teasing Lee today after Lee burst into tears.
Jan opened a store with specialty goods.
Robin asked Remy for Alex's number. Alex didn´t want to talk to Remy and asked who had given Remy his number.
Cameron packed Ash's lunch and Ash got to ate a yummy meal later.
Despite claiming to have years of experience, Lee did a terrible job.
Casey took a breath, then jumped off the ramp and into the deep end of the pool.
Jesse was a priest and often held confession where Jesse would forgive men their sins.
Skylar was tired from the long day and needed to go home and sleep.
Alex made Addison laugh by telling dirty jokes but the jokes were overheard by the principal of the school.
Tracy used her computer everyday to do quests in an MMO. Her character needed a rare drop to complete an item.
Quinn told Addison apart from their twin after they were challenged that they couldn't.
Aubrey took the money from work which did not belong to her.
Remy returned the dog to the shop because it was not the breed Remy was expecting.
Riley got the wrong size of shoes, so they sold them on eBay.
Cameron's dog was limping since morning so he took their dog to the veterinarian.
Taylor was brought up in a terrible care home so as an adult Taylor devoted their lives to providing a nurturing foster home for children.
Austin walked past his father and didn't say a word to him after that.
Sasha arrived home late because she was so busy at work that day.
Alex glued the vase back together after accidentally dropping it on the ground.
Casey gathered all his supplies to prepare for Cameron's emergency.
Jesse felt Skylar's hand and asked why their was a hand that wasn't mine.
Tracy got their son a puppy for the house.
Sasha was a major office supplier in the area. She supplied every office store.
Kai thought the food tasted weird and had to go somewhere else to get a bite to eat.
Kendall struck it rich at the mine and was able to pay their debts as a result.
Skylar told Ash that he needed to buy a new pair of shoes.
Addison identified an asset at risk of failure and found a way to fix it.
Ash sent a bodyguard to protect his family after receiving death threats.
Remy talked like people hated them because he had no self confidence.
They had been dreading the day that their car finally broke down for good but Bailey always knew it would come.
Addison caught Quinn trying to steal a bunch of supplies from Kai's trademark store.
Casey took his turn when they were playing the game and had a good turn.
Casey was lying down in their bedroom.  Kai laid down on Casey's side.
Remy was scared to speak to Skylar in person so Remy wrote Skylar a note.
By moving into an isolated cabin in the woods, Carson thought they could find peace.
Jordan wanted to take her son to the circus but realized she wouldn't be able to afford tickets without getting overtime at work.
Austin had to push through a week with little to no sleep but they were able to complete the project on time.
Alex prevented the problem from forming by coming up with a solution.
Robin spoke about Alex mind because they needed to know the truth.
Sasha played catch with Addison's dad and improved her game immensely after heading his advice.
Jordan could no longer keep a secret and told everyone what Addison had said.
Sasha found Ash's hotel after looking through town for several hours.
Quinn bought a gift for Lee's children after Lee went to prison for murder.
Jesse visited Robin for an evening tea. Robin asked Jesse if they would like a sandwich.
No matter how many times they asked for the new toy, Kai told their kids no.
Sydney concentrated on the tools on the table. There was a small mirror to better be able to see the teeth in the back and a scraper to help clean teeth.
Quinn's family always wanted to come over to see Quinn at school, Quinn kept postponing their visit to prepare a surprise them.
Aubrey didn't want trees in their picture so Aubrey drew stumps.
Sasha was an archaeologist and dug around the field in search of dinosaur bones.
Sydney was the the oldest of five children, and didn't get to spend much time with their dad, but today she played catch with their dad, while the others just watched.
Sasha played catch with Addison's dad and took a liking to baseball.
Carson ground seductively into Quinn's hips along with the beat of the music.
Carson helped Sydney very much at the farmer's market selling fruit.
Skylar wrote Austin's essay for them and finished it on time.
Carson kept Skylar's head down when he saw the debris coming her way during the tornado.
Tracy knew Austin's father's brother loved model trains. He had a huge model train in his basement but was very shy. She entered him into a model train contest as a surprise because she knew he would win.
Kai lost the game because they didn't get to bed early enough the night before and didn't have much energy.
Alex allowed their parents to enter the building and had a nice long chat.
After practicing the part every day after school for hours, Kendall got the lead role in the play.
Skylar watched television all the time. Unfortunately, Skylar's television recently broke down and no longer works.
Cameron was in a bad mood because he lost at the video game he was playing.
Skylar decided they wanted to join the army so instead of going back, Skylar quit school to follow their chosen career.
Casey went home early with Cameron's father because he wasn't feeling well.
Because Casey lost out on a promotion she felt she deserved, Casey felt like crap.
Kai was suspicious of their intentions so he followed the students closely.
Jessie recently started work at a prestigious large corporation.
Carson is a server working at a restaurant. Today, a family of 6 sat at his assigned table and he served every person.
Austin's friend was in the hospital and Austin just received word.
Jan stopped eating fast food after decided to live a healthier lifestyle.
Riley touched Jordan on the shoulder.
Riley asked a question in class to help them understand the topic.
Casey cut Quinn's hair in order to get ready for the big event.
Jesse went crying to their mother because of the mean kids.
Tracy had volunteered to work at a charity and was the hardest worker that day.
Jesse tried to argue with his boss about working with the other guy.
Robin was full of anticipation in meeting her father for the first time.
Quinn gave Sydney an education when her parents wouldn't let her go to school.
Sasha built Jan's house upon a rock so that the house wouldn't be effected by flooding.
Aubrey finished preparing the family's breakfast and sat the plates of food onto the dining room table.
Sasha got Cameron fixed for the upcoming prom this Friday night.
Kai taught his student what he could and they all got good grades.
Bailey got their wallet from the department store at the mall.
Bailey paid their cable bill on time so that they would have cable.
Bailey backed Ash's car up.
Taylor got the tv working after messing with it for several minutes when her show was getting ready to start.
taylor was considerate so he made sure to put the pillow behind skylar.
After hearing the crowd laugh at his jokes, Kai quoth another joke.
Jesse took their wife to France for their anniversary. They went every year.
Jan asked everyone they trusted for advice on what they should do for the party.
Jordan carefully removed the trap. They were an expert hunter.
Tracy taught their friends to read after they were held captives in the woods.
Quinn did their damnedest to get to work on time but will be late.
Its been a long time since Kai left home for greener pastures. Today he visited home and we were able to have a long talk.
Casey was sick of being Jewish and converted herself to Christianity.
Aubrey found bodies in Addison's house which led to their arrest.
Harper was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
It was time for Lee and Austin to get on the road. Lee and Austin finally left the house.
Seeing she needed one for the winter, Austin built Tracy one.
Sasha said they would send information over to their boss at the end of the day.
Kai found one for sale after a careful search at yard sales.
Bailey had a plan to reconnect with the buyer. Bailey would return next week.
Ash had agreed to dig the garden for their parents so she wore dirty clothes to save their good ones from getting ruined.
Robin saw that the restaurant was dirty. Robin left the restaurant without another word.
Riley asked Robin to return the book to the library.
Skylar saved themself trouble by buying the football tickets a week in advance.
Jan was staying late at the office after a meeting. Tracy told Jan to take the leftover food.
Casey fell and hit their head, so Austin carried Casey along the way since they were very dizzy.
ash broke her leg so alex took up position for her on the field.
Sasha got near Robin after pushing her way threw the crowd yesterday at the game.
Tracy got changed by the event in her life.
Bailey loved the beard that her boyfriend grew and hugged him.
Aubrey invited her friends along on the cruise and she even paid for it.
Casey rode Aubrey's motorcyle all afternoon and enjoyed herself so much that she couldn't stop thinking about wanting to ride it again.
Jordan was in class and said something to their classmate.
After hearing about a concert they wanted to go to, Robin bought a ticket.
Remy hurt Quinns feelings when he teased him for not swimming.
Taylor coupled with Remy's interest and they both went to the old bowling alley.
Quinn bought Jan the medicine they needed for their sickness.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a ride home yesterday from the party because it was late.
Kai protected everyone's rights when he stood up for them at the protest.
Lee expressed Sydney his appreciation for being such a good friend.
While leaving for their flight, Addison grabbed Jordan's things.
Jordan left my wallet at home after telling him never to forget it.
Aubrey practiced for an hour every day before the recital.
Kai gave Addison a shake that had a lot of protein in it.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a card for her birthday.
Austin used birth control, but his girlfriend still got pregnant after they had sex.
Sydney gave Riley high hopes that they would date forever.
Jordan told Tracy that they needed to go out and get a job.
Riley stopped talking to Cameron because Riley did not return their calls.
Casey saw a shooting star while they were out camping one night.
Sasha noticed her son was done with dinner so Sasha gave her son dessert.
Robin went home for lunch because she wanted to spend some time at home.
Ash was poor and Riley bore Ash's share of the rent money.
Cameron was helping Jesse bring groceries in from the car. Cameron laid Jesse's groceries on the table.
Cameron layered Jesse's bread on the table and made it look nice for the upcoming date.
Riley went to the mall with their mom. They needed to buy shoes.
Jordan bounced the ball in the yard because he wanted something to do.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment after Lee found him stealing his food.
Jan applied themself to their studies and got a good grade on the test.
Ash fell in among thieves after becoming a Ronin.
Robin asked Sasha for her help with the project she was doing.
Addison left dirt on the floor as he was busy rushing through the room.
Riley was playing football and tried to score but the ball hit a pole nad bounced back from the goal.
Taylor got it working again after tinkering with it all night.
Jordan just signed up for the baseball team. He practiced and played ball all day.
Sasha kept their eyes on Jesse to see the next move in the game of chess.
Alex walked into a church and started shooting at people, claiming to be administering the lord's wrath.
Riley was so nice that they went out and bought them a gift.
Cameron was volunteering at a soup kitchen and provided assistance to individuals.
tracy was in love with taylor so she filled taylor's heart with love.
Carson sees Cameron crying over what someone said. Carson tells Cameron not to worry that they are very pretty and beautiful.
Even when most of my friends betrayed me, Kendall fought by my side.
Alex pulled pranks often and the others thought it was funny.
Lee got a balloon to celebrate his upcoming birthday party at the hall.
Remy felt tired after work and fell right asleep.
Lee's wife was involved in a car accident. She was taken to ER. Lee came over later.
Jan avoided Addison's appearance at the office and went out to lunch instead.
Ash played tricks on their teachers by stealing their papers and vandalizing their rooms until they were caught.
Kendall decided to hire Taylor as a full time live-in caretaker after becoming disabled.
Kai ran a long way while training for the marathon.
Cameron was quickly approaching the time when work was over.
Tracy did not want their children to be dependent on them for money.
Cameron put Tracy's arm around Tracy's neck as they loaded her onto the stretcher to go to the hospital.
Ash witnessed two people committing a robbery. Ash stayed away from them.
Bailey met life's demands by making sure to follow the rules.
Carson protected Kendall's privacy and didn't tell the authorities anything when they asked questions.
Addison dedicated Tracy's journal to the service as a way of preserving a deep part of history.
Jesse was supposed to feed Alex's cat, but did not do it once.
Ash expressed to Kendall their gratitude for him returning Jason's wallet.
Jan told Casey's coworkers what to do because Casey was home sick.
Robin brought Remy to the trial so they could say what they saw.
Sasha saw a wolf with its babies and took a bunch of pictures.
Casey reached the top of the mountain after a long ascent and felt very good.
carson felt lonely and sad lately so he invited tracy to lunch.
Tracy was supposed to help Alex, but led their existence nowhere.
Jesse told his mom Sasha had the flu so that they could avoid their play time with Sasha.
Alex is an auto mechanic who routinely performs car maintenance inspections.
Quinn got a new job serving people with subpoenas. She knocked on a strangers door for the first time and served legal notice to them.
Jordan's class were starting to get out of control so Jordan held the class in check.
Quinn developed their talent by practicing every day to get better.
Kendall was starting to get full of themselves, so Taylor knocked Kendall of his perch.
Casey went to high school and graduated with straight As.
Carson lived an hour away from her college and it was far.
Casey delivered Ash's message first thing in the morning, but it got there too late.
Taylor was a corrupt politician.   They used money to gain influence.
Jan was very interested in current events so stayed up later than usual to watch the news at 10 p.m.
Robin wanted to rescue an animal so they went to the pound and looked around then decided they liked the kitten best.
Jordan and Tracy were going to the store and Jordan asked Casey to get the keys.
Skylar wants to bake a birthday cake for her friend.
Jan gave a present to Remy's mother and she opened the present to find a new red dress.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner and paid the bill for both of them.
Kai gave people freedom with his newfound power.
Ash left his bike at school and didn't make it the next day. Lee was riding Ash's bike home from school for him.
Kai said Taylor loved Taylor and Taylor was obviously angry at this insult.
Lee and Cameron are organizing a meetup, Lee gave Cameron a time he is available.
Sydney gave Riley hope by making her train to become an amazing athlete.
Alex wanted to spend the lottery winnings of a new computer, but Bailey made Alex deposit every dollar.
Kai caught their child Remy in the act of stealing someone's cookies from the jar and eating them.
Austin was asked about the project and discussed every aspect of it.
Ashed used pictures to represent his feelings felt when assaulted.
Alex spent many hours looking for the perfect person to spend their life with and found no one.
Kai needed a bedtime story each night before going to sleep.
After her bank account bounced from her child overspending, Aubrey took the card away.
Alex kept ignoring Skylar. Skylar told Alex how it felt to be ignored.
Aubrey asked their manager about getting a big raise and some time off.
aubrey was a nice person so he gave skylar the time.
Remy gave Robin a feeling that they did not like them at all.
Ash never returned after a hike in the woods.
They took the food from the dog after his bad behavior.
Taylor was having a bad day until she did her favorite hobby: singing and playing guitar.
Remy gave Robin the feeling that she wasn't liked when she showed up to a party.
jordan wanted casey to remember him so he gave her his picture.
Jordan took his family to the circus, and they saw other families they knew there as well.
Addison brushed her teeth now that her brush was fully charged and ready to use.
Kendall improved Kai's lot in life out of the kindness of their heart.
Remy found Carson's level and called Carson so it could be returned.
kai was being held at gunpoint so he carefully put the glass down.
Aubrey counted sheep so that they could fall asleep but sleep never came.
Riley made war upon Quinn so that they would know that Riley was the true king.
Kendall mad a gingerbread house and she took the candy gate off and ate it.
Cameron still didn't know how Alex felt about her but Cameron kissed Alex on the lips.
kendall was investigating so she wanted jan to answer promptly.
After Jan's boss had yelled at them and told them they would probably be fired soon, Jan capped off the meeting with a fake smile and left the room.
Lee got married to Tracy after waiting for years it seemed.
Tracy left the theater before the movie was even halfway finished.
Aubrey went to the home improvement store but they no longer had the items on sale that they had seen the week before.
Quinn left a notice at their door that they had a delivery they needed to sign for.
Skylar persuaded Remy to return for a second year to the art festival.
Addison was working on a crafting project using many discarded household items including some string and some straws, and Addison bound the straws together with the string.
Remy was being stalked by an ex and decided to take action about it.
Carson assisted Casey in achieving the goal they wanted to accomplish.
Austin pushed Kendall and tom into war.
Robin baked cookies all day in her new bakery.
Quinn couldnt find the prescription for a medicine he needed in order to stay alive he bought the medicine without a prescription.
Jesse found hope in the others when they reassured him they would help.
Kai made Lee proud by coming in first place in the 100 meter dash.
Bailey ate seafood every day until it made them sick, and then they never at it again.
Jesse held Jan's heart for years because they were in love with each other.
Carson went to school every weekday. Carson learned to read.
Aubrey did not remember where she parked her car. She only saw other people's cars.
alex was staring at remy so remy returned the gaze.
Kai went to the store and got some chips for the party his friends were having.
Taylor used their carpentry skills to build a house for Ash.
Tracy was going to win a big prize at school that day.
Sydney went on a vacation and brought gifts back home.
Jordan was walking their dog. They gave their dog something.
Sasha wanted the moment to end right now because she was getting sleepy.
Riley ate their cake and had some too at the park with her friends.
Carson was walking around the school and found a dollar bill.
Sasha made Riley's mom happy with the bouquet of flowers.
Addison commended Sasha on good work and promoted her to the position.
After years of emotional abuse and poor treatment, Addison grew to be despised within Kendall.
The team needed to go on an under water deep sea diving expedition, and needed equipment. Taylor said she could get it.
Jesse spent hours online researching for their report.
Tracy didn't like the way the dress looked on her. She didn't have time to change so Tracy wore it anyway.
Cameron brought Taylor's bike home after finding it in the park.
Carson took a lot of advice from Austin and gained their sense of saving money.
Cameron was on a roll at the casino so Carson too a chance with the dice.
Cameron grabbed Bailey's arm to make sure she didn't fall off the railing.
Bailey fended everyone off and had to prove that they were right for the job.
Riley practiced every day to get better and better.
Carson played basketball at school and got a lot of points.
Quinn had just moved to the town. Quinn walked around town.
Lee is a good physician. Lee restored Remy's health.
Jesse saw a homeless man and it was so cold out. Her heart broke for him.
Ash wanted to make a cake for their birthday to surprise them all.
Bailey advised Quinn to take time off when she saw how over worked he was.
Alex found a group of people looking for their runaway dog, so he provided some advice to the people.
Kendall welcomed her friends into her home when they arrived for her birthday dinner.
Cameron was smart with his money and didn't waste any of it.
Jordan watered the garden everyday and was happy to see great results.
Jordan's teacher liked Jordan because they always took part in the classroom discussions and made thoughtful contributions to each conversation.
Bailey was looking for a book and found a diamond in the rough.
Lee helped out a lot after the flood ravaged the city.
Tracy decided to talk to Kai again after Kai apologized for what they did to Tracy.
Robin finally made the team after trying out for weeks to no avail.
Aubrey achieved their objectives by placing first in the big race.
Sydney told Remy what had happened at the play and it was very funny.
tracy was keeping some people captive so she bound their ankles together.
Skyler moved back into Casey's apartment after her semester studying abroad.
taylor was a doctor so he gave jesse medicine for his mumps.
Riley told them Jan was pregnant in front of everyone despite her asking not to.
Sasha wrote and published another poem for their fans to read it.
Cameron and Taylor were tossing up ice cubes and trying to catch them with their mouths, Cameron caught one.
Tracy played well with the other kids in her class which made her popular.
Cameron was fired from the office due to the fraud Cameron allegedly had committed.  After the thorough investigation, Cameron was proved to be innocent. Ash welcomed Cameron back.
Jan went to Skylar's room and asked them if they were okay.
Riley made fun of Sydney when they sang the popular song.
Austin never let a day go by they didn't finish their chores.
Quinn packed everything in preparation for his trip to Spain.
Remy and Aubrey have just started dating. Aubrey thinks of Remy all day when they are apart.
Bailey found a surprise in their box of cereal and was very happy.
Jesse was visiting a friend's house. Jesse broke the back of their remote.
bailey was tired of getting beat up so she shot and killed her boyfriend.
Jan applied oneself and saw how the results paid off well.
Addison made sure they were on time to school that day.
Skylar enhanced Tracy's understanding of the psychology book.
Aubrey gave a speech in front of a large group of people.
Seeing that Lee was in grave danger, Sydney saved Lee's skin.
Allison put your papers in order after having to clean them up off the floor.
Addison needed a way to carry all of the books, so they bound them together and carried them by the string.
Kendall came early and got everything ready for those that were yet to come.
Addison didn't go away even though we all told her to.
Robin had a cell phone to use on her drive home from school and used it when her car broke down.
Alex took their shirt back after they put it on the rack.
Cameron just got a new game and invited friends to come over to his house.  Cameron played video games with some friends.
Sydney moved behind Tracy and surprised her with a loud yell that made her scared.
Sydney met Addison halfway and they went to dinner together.
Sydney made Jesse smile and have a good time.
Austin was not a very well trained dog, so when Skylar asked for a kiss, Austin bit Skylar's lower lip pretty hard.
Skylar was at the store with their mom when they got lost because they wandered off.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to sing at the talent show and Kendall was ready to go on stage.
Alex made Kendall jealous by hitting on her boyfriend when they were on a date.
Ash squeezed Quinn's hand to make him happy and feel more confident of himself.
Bailey asked their friend for advice when they were looking at buying a new car.
Lee bought a cake for Remy's birthday but forgot it at home.
Aubrey directed Lee's course of action which led to Lee getting badly injured.
Addison gave Cameron powers but she lost her own power in doing so.
Ash committed Sydney offenses to the record for all to see.
Cameron brought his family to the park so the kids could enjoy the petting zoo.
Jordan gave their sibling a little something special for their upcoming birthday.
At their job as Jesse's stay-at-home nurse, Kai served Jesse's needs well.
Casey has always loved to eat tacos, it's her favorite food.
Kendall threw Sydney into prison and had to go back to the office for file work.
Riley was upset and crying about their break-up, so Remy held them in their arms.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with joy when she said yes to his wedding proposal.
Cameron took several minutes to figure out the hard math problem.
Jan visited a house near you during a sight-seeing tour in your town.
Casey was committed to defending Addison's purpose in life even though it wasn't popular.
sydney took kai out for lunch and they got into a heated argument about something unimportant.
Skylar taught their son basketball at the park on that day.
tracy wouldn't let casey kiss her because they had no attraction for casey.
Cameron was pretty bad at basketball and the Others hated to have him on their team.
Tracy spent time with Sydney's family at her request but they didn't get along at all.
All of the others seemed shy and nervous, so Jan started a conversation.
Jesse didn't know if they ran over a dog. Looking back, they saw they just hit a bump in the road.
Aubrey bought some shoes at the store for her friend Alex that he loved.
Jan informed Ash the estimated time of arrival to the airport.
Kai was a bit concerned about the speed of the motorcycle, but he wanted to test it out.
Aubrey was working fine because Aubrey wanted to be a good employee.
Aubrey took her child to the store so that they could find cheese.
Jordan broke up with her last year and saw her in the mall again.
After hours of searching in and around the neighborhood, Carson found Aubrey's bike.
Sydney wanted to concentrate on the tools in her hands so she didn't lose a finger and could finish her project.
Sydney cut Sasha' nails today after lunch in the bedroom.
Riley tied Lee's shoes for them before they went out.
Jan's dog was not potty trained, so Jan taught their dog how to go potty outside.
Remy threw a dinner party for the friends that were visiting from out of town.
Cameron made fun of Austin and paid for it by getting beat up and told to stop.
Lee got Kendall's back when they faced difficulties with a work project.
Carson is a very organized person and always keeps things noted down.
Kendall thanked Sasha's parents for the help putting together the playhouse in the yard.
Jan got some extra money as a bonus for doing a good job.
Remy watched the movie with a group of friends one afternoon at the theater.
Tracy picked a movie that they wanted to watch at the theater.
The memory of Aubrey naked was burnt within Addison's mind despite her not wanting it.
Taylor explained everything to Ash and made sure he understood.
Aubrey made a pig of herself last year at Thanksgiving dinner.
Kai loved dogs so got a job as a dog walker for the summer.
Skylar gave Carson peace after their long war that lasted many years.
Casey saw flowers in Addison's room and reached out to read the card.
Ash paid attention in class and was able to get good grades because of it.
Bailey anticipated every argument Bailey's opponent made in the final round of the debate championship because Bailey had spent a long time studying.
Bailey had been working hard at their job for a while and had been noticed by the boss.
Quinn gave their friend one and it was a chocolate bar that was heavy.
Casey was the boss but others were challenging them but after a strong debate, Casey maintained the power structure and remained on top.
Bailey knew Robin was right about the rain and had to stay inside to watch television instead.
Ash painted Jordan a new piece to hang in the gallery.
Quinn created Cameron's file so they could continue working.
In preparation for their upcoming birthdays, Aubrey spent all her money with their children.
Skylar helped wash Cameron's hair in order to get it ready to be cut.
Being confused about the lesson and it's methods, Jan raised their arm above their head.
Tracy caught a bird and then let it free to fly.
casey sold drugs to children so he eventually reaped what he sowed.
Taylor arrived at the birthday party and gave Lee's son presents.
Kai wanted to tell Jordan about the affair, but was afraid of what would happen.
The garage needed to be cleaned out to have a sale. Jan played a part in this process of getting it cleaned up.
Addison got a call that Sasha was in an accident. Addison meets Sasha at the emergency room.
Kendall went roaring into battle alongside their oldest and dearest friend.
Kai played professional basketball before a knee injury ended their career.
When they first met Riley at the party, Quinn made a few assumptions based on the dress Riley was wearing.
Addison gave Jan the names of the people who committed the awful acts.
Aubrey had some frosting on their lips. They asked the waitress for a napkin.
Bailey joined forces with the others so he can win the war a little bit faster.
Cameron didn't have time to make lunch for work. Cameron took money to work so he could buy it.
Sasha was in class and caused a bit of trouble.
Jesse looked in the car for his jumper cables that he needed.
Lee brought the trial to a conclusion after the trial was over.
Austin took Cameron's measurements for the fancy tuxedo suit.
The office was having a reception in the board room. Quinn kept working instead.
Alex talks to the store owner because they would be good for business.
Sydney took a class to protect herself in marital arts and karate.
Jordan saw the chest and threw it open even though they were supposed to wait.
Jordan practiced every week.  They want to become a professional basketball player someday.
Kendall placed Aubrey's hands at their side in a loving and emotional embrace.
Cameron broke my leg after they pushed me jokingly and I fell down the stairs.
Cameron managed their money effectively and wanted to apply for a loan from the bank.
alex was a social person who needed company so he brought a friend along.
Jan shook a leg and got the fleas off the right leg for now.
Jesse called all her friends to inform them that they were accepted to their dream college.
Carter was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy took money to their mom and threw it in her face.
Carson found the missing doll and returned it to the girl.
Bailey returned to their home country to play songs for the people that night.
Jan locked horns with her parents about whether she should go out on a school night.
Casey fought another man and won the fight easily due to their martial arts training.
Jan bought new clothes for all of her children because she had some extra money.
Austin called a panel to consider his opinion being right over there opinion.
While helping to clear blackberries from a neighbor's yard, Sasha accidentally cut their arm, but luckily it wasn't too bad.
Quinn texted their husband advice about how to get to the store at the fastest time possible.
Quinn gay Boston detention for making faces behind her back.
Carson kept Skylar's head down as the bullets from the drive by whizzed past them.
Lee quoth it was in connection with the ongoing criminal investigation of the suspect.
Sasha had been cleaning the house and doing yard work. They finally made dinner.
Remy did not want her dog to run away so she kept it locked up inside.
Tracy needed paint to make a picture. She knew her favorite store was out of the paint she needed.
Bailey yielded Sydney's income because she just won the giant lottery that day.
Skylar brought her friends to the zoo today after being told not to.
Aubrey's hand kept shaking uncontrollably while standing, so Sydney seized Aubrey's hand.
Quinn brought Austin's lunch for him at work.
Remy had been studying how to do magic with cards, so Remy did the trick.
Riley walked closer to the stray cat and stretched out her hand for the cat to smell.
Casey is trying to work on the budget for her business.
Jordan received a parking ticket. Jordan immediately went and paid it.
Kai petitioned the committee to change the old black dress for red dress.
skylar was good friends with bailey so skylar called bailey by another name.
Riley is an arrogant person who owns a business.
Jan wanted to be in the horse race so badly that she worried more about the race than the health of the horse.
Carson studied all week in order to get good grades in the final.
Remy and their friends were invited to a seminar. Remy arrived early to introduce themselves to the speaker.
Taylor and Kai opened their own store and they got a lot of customers.
Cameron saw Remy dad in the crowd so she partied with him through the concert.
Casey came home later after spending the night drinking at a bar.
Robin reached an agreement with Jordan because her sister wanted them to move on from the argument.
Ash came across Alex on the way to the splash park.
Ash got Jordan one of them too.
Addison was only in town for the weekend but was able to see Robin today.
Kai's opinion was told by Carson's about the food the liked.
Quinn has an important deadline and needs to clear out the apartment before the move out date. Quinn packs everything up and cleans everything thoroughly.
Carson helped Kai out because he noticed Kai was having a hard time. Carson changed Kai's life.
Robin made lasagna, then ate it all.
Jesse took the car to the mall and crashed it in the lot.
austin was a creep so he shuffled past casey's feet.
Ash made a good impression on the others who were in the room.
Jesse committed to Sydney's care after Sydney was hit by a car.
Although Tracy's parents tried to cover their eyes, Tracy noticed the violent scene in the movie right away.
Casey went to a welcoming party and made new friends.
Jesse went home with Taylor after school to study.
Bailey provided information to the members as soon as they got it.
Bailey was one of the captains of her high school baseball team and a top player.
Ash cut a wide swath in the argument with their superior mastery of the language.
Carson went bowling with the rest of his class. Carson had great fun hitting the pins.
Jordan's family reunion became very tense after an argument. Jordan felt uncomfortable and eventually asked their parents to leave so they did.
Alex took some medicine to make the pain feel better in their mind.
Alex was highly intelligent and taught math at Harvard University.
After Austin acted like a jerk, Sydney read him the riot act for farting and knocking over the plant.
Bailey's dogs were very hyper and destroyed the house because they had too much energy. Bailey decides to take them to the dog park.
Carson went to church every Saturday and helped with the children.
Austin went to mow and was having a hard time.
Jan set Tracy's mind at ease and told her it was okay.
Austin had reached his goals and decided to celebrate by going out and getting as drunk as he could with his best friends.
Jesse went out running everyday as Jesse just loved to run.
Jan turned away from Riley after she slapped him in the face.
Ash put his friends first and decided to have a party for them.
Lee imputed their problems onto Reilly everytime Lee is frustrated.
Upon court orders, Kai took Riley's kids away to take care of them.
Jordan was a new father and had just signed their toddler up for school. Jordan took their toddler to school on Monday for the first time where Jordan cried more than their toddler.
Quinn bought Alex's flowers that day and got a big hug because of this act.
Quinn attended the business open house and discovered their team was tops in the company.
Kendall wanted to lose weight before summer. Kendall decided to go for it.
Addison thoughtfully set Carson's alarm knowing about his important interview at the office early tomorrow morning.
Bailey felt grateful for all of the nice things that their friends did for them.
Kai rode their bike to school sometimes when they would miss the bus and were late for class.
Kai visited some of the friends house just to hang out.
Needing one more member for their RPG game, Taylor found another member to play.
Austin made plans together with their friend for the weekend.
Quinn at chicken at home because everyone else was busy.
Kendall impressed upon Remy what's right but Remy chose to ignore the advice and break the law.
Quinn drank a bunch of soda and then got a stomach ache after.
In their article, Michigan gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Aubrey had to go to the store but was already late for an appointment.
Jesse drove for hours to get to see the show in the city.
Casey wanted to experience the thrill of dirt biking, so Casey took his motorbike off road.
Alex bought Carson's phone because Carson wanted to upgrade to the newest edition.
Cameron layered Jesse's bread on the table. Cameron was always thoughtful and considerate of others.
Alex led Quinn into the room. They needed to have a talk.
Remy gave Cameron the benefits he earned from working the event for Cameron.
Lee turned into the king's favorite after working tirelessly for him.
Sasha loved going to the zoo and visiting the cool and exotic creatures there.
Sasha accomplished her objectives for the semester.
Lee got into their stride and they all ran together.
Kendall met Robins family and they completely rejected him.
Addison got a new car at the dealership today.
Kendall visited a farm and now wants to ride a horse.
Lee blew Kendall's cover while they were on an undercover spy mission.
Because she acted decisively in the emergency room, Sasha saved the mother's babies.
Sydney had to get a new car so she shopped around for one.
We protected their team from competition because he didn't want them to fight and get in trouble.
Alex's dog broke it's leg so Alex took the dog to the car where he would put it inside and take it to the vet.
Skylar cramps Remy's style by acting goofy and walking around town weird.
Sasha was hired to take pictures of a wedding. Sasha took many beautiful pictures.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly under the starry night.
Jesse was trying to help Lee with his homework by giving examples. Lee went ahead and used Jesse's anaology.
Kendall had to go to the store to replace the turkey he burnt but he was not wearing any clothes.
Carson dropped the new smartphone just bought and immediately picked it up.
Skylar was picked to perform at a big event. Skylar sung and played the guitar.
Bailey asked Jesse where he was going after he had asked for privacy repeatedly.
Even though Bailey did not want to volunteer, Taylor said Bailey would.
Addison bound the books together and threw them in the back of her backpack.
Jesse told Lee's family story about his grandmother from Ireland.
Sasha knew she would like school so she signed up for extra classes.
Austin listed every animal in the zoo to his classroom during a show and tell presentation.
Kendall was walking down the street when they saw a stranger walking a cute dog wave at them. Kendall waved back to the stranger.
Aubrey told Taylor to run slower. Aubrey limited Taylor's ability.
Even though Skylar disagreed, she complied with Kendall's request and it actually worked out well.
After a whole night without a sleep, Austin sat in a car and came close to crashing it.
Sydney wanted to take their mom somewhere fun so they took her to the carnival.
Taylor typically hated to see people struggling, and when he made those observations would go out of his way to help someone out. He saw that Taylor was lacking something he needed, and he gave him something to make up for that.
Aubrey took Cameron's friends to the library to do research on the effect on climate change.
Kai wants to run for the president of the united states.
Kendall moved the car in a new direction after noticing all the traffic on the other side.
Tracy lived the first half of her life relatively poor, but started a soon-to-be-successful business.
Kai learned how to knit from his mother who passed away.
Because it is Sasha's favorite and an easy meal to make, Sasha ate toast bread every single morning.
Kendall could buy one of the toys with the money they had and share with their brother.
austin could not hold a secret to save his life so he told everybody.
Aubrey kept Taylor sane by reminding Taylor to take the right medicine daily after the car wreck.
Aubrey offered themselves to the gods to make herself feel better.
Skylar claimed it was only a minor injury, but Skylar seemed to Kai to be seriously hurt.
Kai did push ups every day in order to get in shape.
Kendall carried out her responsibilities flawlessly and was offered the promotion she hoped for.
Kendall took a picture of Tracy at the dance.
Bailey watched out all day for an intruder that might come by.
Bailey pushed Tracy's cat away when it was meowing at begging for food.
Kai and her friends were making fun of SKylar and then Skylar suddenly appeared.
Jan offered prizes to students in exchange for good grades.
Aubrey wanted to be polite and shook hands with the unemployed workers.
Casey robbed the cradle dry and left without a trace.
Casey got Ash's car fixed after it got ini an accident one day.
jordan wanted lee to succeed so she waited for his opportunity to come.
Addison checked Skylar's car for her phone but was unable to find it even after cleaning everything.
Because the food was good and work had gone well, Alex left happy.
Sasha is planning on going to prom and wants to look great.
Casey denied everything and decided to keep up the lie for a few weeks.
Carson provided Lee explanation on how to solve the math problem.
Ash got himself a new car at the car lot and they loved it.
Jesse had no idea how to dress for the job interview, but Kai got Jesse together.
Tracy built a cabin for her family to come visit every winter holiday.
Remy told her husband about their trip.
Riley slipped, fell and cut their knee badly on an old fence.
Remy wanted their kids to learn to treat people with dignity.
Bailey treated their parents well by going out to eat and getting some steak.
Kendall sent a gift to Carrie at home when she wasn't feeling well and included a card.
Sydney gave Addison a kick when it was time to get up and leave for the bus.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife for a piece of cake, which was a euphemism for the affair they were having.
Lee was walking on a tight rope at the circus, the crowd watched in awe then Lee threw himself off balance then spun round and corrected himself.
Carson stood with Addison's back and punched the bullies into the ground.
Addison lost their job when they were laid off, but they took the news well.
Aubrey wrote a bad review and then published it even though their editor told them not to.
Carson's friend said some really mean things about them behind their back. Carson held these things in mind.
Jordan's joke was more offensive than funny, so Alex gave Jordan a funny look.
We were all crying at the table and Jan asked us what was wrong.
Sydney and Kendall were arguing and Sydney pulled a knife. Sydney killed Kendall instantly when she used the knife.
Casey told Sydney how much they loved them. Casey filled Sydney's heart with joy.
It was Quinn's 21st birthday, and Quinn was done drinking. Skylar was not, so Skylar took Quinn to a bar.
Jan showed Austin's face to everyone at the train station after Austin disappeared.
Quinn wrote a map and gave it to her students in the class to look at.
After planning a night out with Ash, Aubrey sent Ash a text message.
Bailey was quietly crying during the funeral ceremony as the loss had been very painful, so Robin held and patted Bailey´s hand to console them.
Aubrey got a beautiful doll for their birthday present.  Aubrey loved the doll very much and was a very happy child.
Jesse went home with Taylor because they got a new video game from the store.
Jesse let their friends go with them to the park on Sunday.
Cameron locked the door behind Taylor so no one could get in.
The music was playing and Skylar was in the mood to move.
Tracy didn't agree with Skylar but as Skylar was their boss, Tracy obeyed Skylar's order to sack the lovely new worker they had employed but Skylar didnt like.
Sasha played piano but their sibling Tasha was an extremely talented pianist about to sign a recording contract.
Jan got some money from her new paycheck.
Casey was at the town fair shopping. He was looking at desserts when he saw Carson's aunt nearby.
Riley's dog needed a hair cut and wash, so Riley took them to their groomer.
Robin bit into a warm chocolate chip cookie and felt the oats in the dough.
Cameron came along for lunch and brought some nice desserts for everyone.
Remy gave the gift to their date, but the date didn't seem impressed.
Skylar overcame evil with good. He said no to a proposition that would have gotten him in trouble.
Carson changed Bailey's name after moving them away from an abusive partner.
Riley saw Alex in person to get information that the client needed. Then Riley went back to meet with the client.
Austin used birth control one hundred percent of the time. Austin is responsible.
Addison was giving a vision test to a young boy, she exposed the screen in front of his eyes to a number.
Skylar went crazy at the mall when he had won the lottery.
Skylar joined the chess club at school.  They were first place during the national competition.
Carson was deciding what to have for dinner and solved the problem in a smart way.
Robin's team breaks ground on the project they have been planning for two years.
Bailey wanted to publish their book but wasn't sure it was good enough. Bailey discussed this book in detail with a publisher.
Jan considered the clues separately while they were solving the puzzle.
Skylar put air in ashes car after he passed gas in it.
Remy was playing with Lee's dog in the park. Remy left lee's dog behind.
Kendall bought herself a fancy new necklace to wear.
After eating Italian food, Cameron annoyed the others by farting a lot and taking medicine.
Jan was going to the airport on vacation. Carson put luggage on Jan's car.
Sasha gave Carson an answer to his proposal and said no.
Jan loves to garden.  The soil was looking hard and dry so Jan decided to soften the ground before planting some new pumpkins.
Someone asked if they could hug Remy. Remy gave their consent.
Even though Sasha's friend tried to cook, it came out burned and overdone. To make their friend feel better, Sasha ate it anyway.
Jan killed Alex's father when he broke into her home one night.
Casey took a sip of water after running several miles.
cameron thought the house was too dark so he turned the lights on.
Quinn conducted his business after hours at the shop so nobody would know.
Tracy opened the gifts they had gotten for their birthday.
It was only five minutes before the reception when Riley decided to get prepared.
Quinn hit a home run to win the championship for her team.
Bailey judged the righteousness of that man after he gave his speech.
Remy was cleaning out Jordan's garage and found a bag of cocaine.
Tracy hid from their friends when they were playing a game with each other.
Skylar told Tracy that they had to do dishes and Tracy obeyed Skylar's order.
Ash sounded like Lee and they kept confusing people on the phone.
After months of waiting for the package they had ordered, it had finally been delivered today, so as soon as the delivery person left, Tracy ripped opened the box.
Ash went to the beach and took a swim in the ocean before them.
Cameron took off running and started heading towards Robin.
Addison was worried about a situation at work and as Ash knew Addison so well, Addison wanted to go to Ash for advice.
Cameron whispered in Jan ear to tell Jan the answer to the test question.
Skylar slept better with medication because of their chronic pain issues.
Addison drank a glass of water inside of the kitchen.
Ash decided to eat it but it would need to be washed force.
Taylor thanks Skylar's mom for giving them a ride home from the dance, as their own parents were out of town.
Cameron brought their family home from the vacation to the beach in Florida.
Kai was holding the grenade and didnt know what to do. he could throw it out the window or save it for himself if they came in. Being a first degree Army sergeant, he eventually he made his choice and blew himself to kingdom come.
Tracy tightened around Riley and watched her very close.
Cameron asked Austin where he bought the cake, but Austin told Cameron he made it from scratch.
Ash won the  golf tournament by a landslide for the seventh time in a row.
Jordan gathered together supplies to make gifts for everyone by hand that were very nice looking.
Carson used his friend instead because he knew there was no turning back.
Kai saw the country that they were from and it was in shambles.
bailey got over her drug addiction and finally checked out.
Aubrey was out with friends and began to wish to be spending time with Alex instead.
Kai sat and talked briefly with her friend because she noticed she'd been down lately.
Taylor was a total newbie in designing but with Cameron's help he could see other areas he could improve.
Casey looked at Skylar's vitals during her visit to the hospital to make sure she was fine.
Kendall made a decent living, even though it meant working a lot.
Skylar took Riley to the races so that they could watch the action.
Kendall was just learning to bake, she had been working at it for months now and today Kendall baked a pie.
Casey built memories together with her friends on vacation.
Sasha feeds animals every day. It is one of their duties on the farm.
Jesse thanked Bailey's friends for supporting Bailey through the rough transition after his surgery.
Quinn works at Macy's and her friend Robin was doing some shopping, Quinn gave Robin her employee discount.
ash held jordan's gaze because jordan was attracted to ash and wanted to ask them out.
Jan slapped them in the face. They were ashamed of their behavior.
Carson liked the sound of their own voice and rambled on all day about things that nobody cared about.
Casey could see they were putting weight on so they spoke with their friend Kendall who changed Casey's diet to reduce they fat intake and help them.
It was a couple hours past Tracy's bedtime, so Alex finally put Tracy to bed.
Remy put a dollar in my wallet while the others watched in jealousy.
Tracy thought they might want to eat. So he went and got them what they had talked about getting.
Bailey had a hat that she liked. Bailey used it everyday.
Quinn headed back to the hotel. Her dog cam wasn't working and it wasn't because of the app.
Austin was out shopping and they picked up an item then placed the item back then picked up another item.  Austin just could not decide.
Sasha called early for tickets and ended up with great seats.
Sydney took out the money on the spot to buy the watch they wanted.
Skylar wanted to have farm fresh eggs, so she raised chickens.
Ash and Aubrey told them that they were good enough to win the competition.
Bailey washed the veggies and got close to Riley's face.
Tracy paid homage to Taylor's contribution to the project they did together.
Ash took advantage of Alex by cheating off his paper during the exam.
Jesse took Kendall's shot and the shot was made at the last second.
Kai was squeamish around worms, so Remy baited Kai's hook for them.
Because all of my friends had already lost some of their baby teeth, my younger brother Taylor was excited to tell my friends that I lost a tooth last night.
Aubrey slammed the door at the annoying salesmen that would never leave.
Taylor granted extra time on cases because the others seemed to need some help.
Alex gave Lee's son a toy to keep him busy during the movie.
Kendall borrowed this cookbook to use for cooking the meats he got for them.
Taylor knocked Kendall off of their perch while they were sitting on it.
Remy hit the buffers after cleaning too hard and destroyed everything.
Cameron looked at the painting he liked for 5 minutes.
Ash got hired as a consultant for IBM. He increased their annual profits by 13%.
Riley slipped and started to fall but caught themself.
Addison received detention despite not being the one who caused trouble.
After noticing that an elderly woman was struggling to see the oncoming traffic, Remy helped the woman cross the street.
Kendall understood and appreciated Cameron's inferences as Cameron talked to the crowd.
Jordan thought and acted in terms they didn't understand because the plan was very complicated and needed to be hard to understand for the enemy.
Robin knew they would give her food because she was very hungry.
Sasha bought shoes that were very shiny, bright, and red that day.
Riley, clearly upset from the breakup, decided to stay at Ash's place that night.
I was lost and didn't know what to do, but Tracy changed my life with prayer.
After a difficult day as an emergency room doctor, Riley went to the pub and cried over their beer.
Casey cooks some food for some people that are hungry.
Jesse has worked all year extremely hard and they needed a vacation to rest.
Tracy saw Kai standing at the bus stop and talked with them while they waited for the bus.
ash was taking care of austin so she put his head on his shoulder.
Aubrey ground their teeth like Bailey until Bailey screamed loudly.
Sydney as bitten by Vlad and as a result Sydney ate Kai's flesh.
Sasha spent an hour waiting on the bus in a bad part of town.
Quinn carried the wood farther up the hill before having to stop and take a breather.
Jesse lay Taylor on the table to perform the surgery and told Taylor to count to ten and they would be asleep soon.
Carson looked for his sister's missing doll and found it under the bed.
Ash took Kai's medicine as directed so that they could get over their cold.
Aubrey looked shocked to find out that their dog ate their dinner.
Cameron was trying to get home from school so he decided to take a short cut and had to climb a fence quickly.
Quinn reduced the water by a factor of two after reading about environmental concerns and water shortages.
Alex always left early so she would get to work on time.
Bailey was too sick to present their thesis so they asked Sydney to step in.
Casey arrested Tracy, putting Tracy's hands up on the wall, spread apart.
During their relationship Bailey kept Carson from seeing everything which didn't bode well for a healthy relationship.
Bailey tried the Remy experiment but found out that it causes serious harm to the experimenter.
Riley faced the fearsome animal, lifted a stick and struck a blow on it's head.
Kai did something special for his girlfriend on their first anniversary.
Robin was an excellent bridge player involved in a long game.
Tracy organized another bookshelf with items she found in her grandmother's attic.
Casey came and got his laundry before she headed to the laundromat.
Sasha discussed the matter of how they needed to discipline their children with Taylor.
Bailey was a newspaper reporter who happened to get an exclusive interview with a famous reclusive actress.
Kendall spent the day cleaning Austin's house. Austin recently broke their arm and has been having trouble getting any cleaning done.
One of Taylor's patients was very depressed, but Taylor improved the patient's mindset.
Addison wants to make a difference in things and runs for class president. Addison is voted in as class president and keeps every one of their campaign promises.
Robin was always late to work, so Robin was fired.
At the graveside ceremony this afternoon, Robin buries Kendall's face.
Jan scared Kendall away with her taser in the back yard.
Sasha used the computer efficiently and finished their work hours before anyone else.
Lee got Kendalls bike back from the shop, where it was repaired.
Carson ran Lee's hand through Lee's hair when they were watching  a movie.
Bailey called their friend home and their friend made their way home.
Sasha taught Robin anything that they knew because Robin was very curious about new things.
Jesse thought they had found something good for their collection so they got it checked out.
Aubrey brought the chair closer to hear the story.
Remy went to his high school reunion. Remy thought it was nice to see Austin again.
Alex took groceries to the car. He wanted to make this quick so he could do move on.
Bailey was able to see Remy after Bailey was mean and banged on the door.
Riley was closed off in the therapists session but when he filled out the form Riley opened up.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from the dance and they both talked about how fun it was.
Tracy got braces put on her teeth last weekend.
Tracy enjoyed everything about her life so much now that she has family.
alex was a kind person so he rescued the dog.
Quinn had some trouble understanding medical issues so Robin acted as a intermediary for Quinn and hospital staff.
Skylar took their brother fishing and had a really good day catching fish.
Sasha laughed in their sleeve to hide their face. Sasha didn't want anyone to see.
Addison cut Addison loose by getting some drinks for the party.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money at the race track and needed to try to win it back.
Lee got soaking wet in the rain as he rushed to the store before it closed.
Remy gave Robin the feeling of love by opening the purse and getting a diamond ring out.
Alex made Jesse's laws available for all to see.
Jesse sipped Bailey's tea because he was very thirsty.
Casey went to the store with Cameron's father so that they could get some things to eat.
Austin combed Riley's hair after Riley had slept on it with a rubber band in.
Sydney took their mom to the carnival and accidentally left their wallet and keys on a table.
Skylar gave Taylor a hint about the gift that they were going to get them.
Addison saw a crack in the driveway in the spot that the contractors had placed the cement mixer.
ash suggested bailey play a game and after bailey tried they realized it was a good idea.
Casey was very hard on Cameron and never cut him any slack.
Quinn was so thankful for the help the others had given her that she made cookies for the others.
Cameron brought their family to the mall and the shopped before getting some lunch.
Skylar noticed that Cameron looked thinner and dirtier than usual.
After Others insulted Jesse, Jesse responded by hitting them in the face.
Robin recurred at the clinic lab every few weeks for several months.
Carson lived a block away and regularly spent time with his friend.
Kendall was waiting an extra week to spend their allowance and they finally got it.
Skylar played games all night even though Skylar had a big test the next morning.
Riley really wanted to make the team so Riley practiced every day.
Kendall had made handmade dolls for Sydney's party, so Sydney brought Kendall's hand made dolls for everyone.
Riley ate their cake and had some too when the other people left the party.
Taylor filed Kendall's taxes for the past fiscal year.
Taylor improved the patients condition and relayed the good news to the others.
Carson walked solemnly and asked Addison for forgiveness for his crime.
Casey took her to the zoo because she is an animal activist that didnt know how to drive, and Casey is assisting her on her research.
Ash and Sasha were playing hide-and-seek. Ash hid on top of the refrigerator and Sasha couldn't find them.
Ash won by a landslide in the big and important mayoral election last night.
Addison checked Skylar's car but missed an obvious problem in her rush through the task.
Kai got her friends together and they all went for a ride in a car.
Austin sat at the table and had a full dinner.
Riley set their alarm and then went to bed as fast as they could.
Kai decided to ask Casey for directions to the fair grounds since she'd already been there once.
Bailey seen that it was raining and didn't want Jordan to get wet so they bought Jordan a umbrella.
Quinn who was trying to lose weight ate a salad every single day.
Sydney came home that afternoon to take a short break from work.
Kai kept playing his new guitar for hours on end.
Carson got mysteriously quiet after he had been talking for a bit.
Lee selected Addison's object from the list and got it for their wedding gift.
Cameron decided to flip a coin on who will be able to go first.
Taylor had a patient with a gunshot wound to the abdomen. Taylor operated on the patient.
Riley talked to Tracy for an hour about the party they were planning.
Ash bought Jordan a diamond necklace from the store. Ash took Jordan's breath away.
Quinn decided to make Lee's breakfast in bed. Lee was running a high fever after all.
Seeing the disheveled state of her desk, Addison began cleaning up by putting the folders in order.
When Jordan took their mother to Hawaii, their personal guide who spoke Japanese and English was traveling with them. When they got back Jordan's mother never thanked him.
Jesse gave Addison a lecture when he found out she had taken up smoking.
Casey urged Bailey to accept defeat as they were completely outmatched.
Riley took a long hot bath and washed the dirty away.
Carson exceeded the gains for his weight class and was kicked out of the wrestling group.
Kai admired Ash's work so she gave him a promotion.
Alex took Sasha's daughter to the store so that they could buy new school clothes.
Alex gave the network an interview about what was going on in the town.
Sasha went shopping with their father and got some boots for the woods.
Taylor asked the students if they had any questions about the topic covered in class that day.
Addison maximized Bailey's shop's profits by implementing a new series of products to the shelves.
addison was a soldier so he followed orders without question.
Taylor played into Remy's fear and convinced them the house was haunted.
Lee had caught Carson in a lie, so Carson tried to provide Lee with an explanation.
Tracy hired Sasha for the role they had at their work.
Robin supported their wife's ambitions when she went to school.
Cameron thrust themselves upon taylor without taylor's permission so taylor told the police.
Taylor knew many people had the flu and she granted leave in these cases.
austin told cameron he made it from scratch even though the fast food container was on the counter.
Jordan grew his own olives and when they were ready he put them in a jar.
Carson came towards Sasha because they had something to say.
Aubrey placed them into position and formed a cohesive group together.
Syndey ate fruit and drank a gallon of water because she enjoyed a healthy lifestyle.
Tracy forced their will upon Ash and made Ash clean the kitchen for a few hours.
Cameron finally returned home to Texas after a long drive from Arizona.
Sasha played basketball Saturday with their best friend to have fun and do something with their friend.
Remy grew Potatoes in their garden in order to have for in the winter.
Taylor put Kai's son down, because she was not very experienced with children.
Austin did not agree with Remy at first, but decided to reconsider Remy's decision.
Kendall played football with Ash's dad and he ended up breaking his leg.
Jan was listening carefully to the conversation behind her and heard Austin's mother's name.
When Austin decided to break up with Sydney, he looked her straight in the eye.
Lee looked at the woman standing in line and tried to figure out her age.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting in detail so he could file a police report.
Kai bought gifts for Quinn's family after finding out Quinn's father lost their job.
Bailey brought Jordan's umbrella to Jordan because it started raining heavily.
Taylor politely asked for seconds at the dinner table.
Casey came and got her textbook because she had a test the next day.
Sydney was painting Alex's nails for the dance that evening.
Jan fired upon Remy when Remy led a charge down the hill.
Kendall missed the school bus causing her to be late for school.
Riley had a great time after her first date with her new first boyfriend.
Skylar and Jordan were at a petting farm.  Jordan was having great fun with the animals but Skylar was not so pleased and was upset by a flock of geese surrounding her looking for food.
Kai is a soldier in the military and is given orders.
Jordan is a successful business owner who produced a lot of money annually.
Jesse pressed Alex's lips against his own in a gentle kiss.
Kendall told Aubrey many well-received tales about her time as a police officer.
Addison listened in at the door so that she knew what was going on.
Tracy picked a movie before getting snacks and a pillow.
After working an 18 hour shift, Aubrey fell asleep.
Taylor got Bailey's girlfriend a gift on the way to her birthday party.
Quinn recovered from their injuries and went to the park to have some fun.
Riley was not very understanding and they kicked Bailey when she was already down.
Riley defied her bosses direction at every order made by a customer.
Robin had a big test coming up so Sasha taught Robin everything they needed to know.
Alex made headway with Austin after they had a deep discussion.
Carson pulled the football away and throw it somewhere far.
Carson's garbage can got full so they took the garbage out.
Sasha heard her friends in the distance.  She didn't want to be left alone.
When Robin had a panic attack at the party, Sydney took Robin to the emergency room.
Aubrey's husband filed for divorce and since then she has let herself go.
Austin practiced almost every day be he still stunk at ice skating.
Carson sent a group of people to wrong gymnasium for the assembly.
Tracy was in court for a theft she didn't commit. Addison argued Tracy's case for her.
Sydney cleaned up her un organized room because she was asked to.
Since they had been coughing for the past few days, Addison wanted to go to the doctor to get a checkup.
Riley poured fuel on the fire and everyone started to cook hot dogs.
Jesse fulfilled her duties. She is very pleased with herself and also very tired .
remy was a generous person so he fulfilled the person's wishes.
Riley talked to Remy a bit before he left for school.
Jordan was going home because they forgot their wallet. Jordan arrived back at the house.
Skylar monitored the patient's breathing carefully in order to make them better.
Sydney went home instead of going on the camping trip.
Riley struck the young boy in the back of the head hard.
Jordan told Addison had said something cruel because they need to know.
Skylar was expecting Addison's first child after they had a date two months ago.
Jordan looked in the mirror and noticed they were being followed so Jordan began to drive faster.
After coming in from outside aubrey filled up a glass with ice water.
Sydney made a big deal. She had been working on this particular client for a long time.
Jesse was courteous and served the needs of Riley well.
Alex was selling flowers to raise money, so Quinn bought Alex's flowers.
Casey had a meeting with an old friend. They met their friend at a bar.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office when she was worried about Skylar missing work the past few days.
Aubrey kissed the gunner's daughter before she had to say goodbye.
Ash found a cause of death and shared it with the family.
Austin was being complimented by friends and accepted every compliment.
Riley has a craving for pizza and decides to take her friends out to eat at a restaurant.
Sydney ordered a variety of food for the table.
Kendall got Casey's bike to their house and left it with a note.
Taylor is trying to give advice to their team at work.
Jan bought a new book from the library and put it on their shelf.
Addison booked Robin's trip for her and sent her the confiration.
Lee is a policeman with a bad attitude.
The keys were locked inside his car so Carson was running late for his hour commute.
Jesse shifted gears nervously as he drove with the instructor around the block.
Kendall got my money off the table to go get some burgers.
Carson paid alot of money for Cameron's visit to the white house.
Quinn often got sick because they liked to eat food too quickly.
Ash found the perfect dog to adopt as a family pet.
Kendall ended the talk of Kai ending their life because they loved Kai.
Sasha kept trying to copy Alex's homework. Alex kept their homework away from Sasha.
Tracy declared unto them their love because they had just gotten engaged.
Robin lost her footing when she tried to help Riley regain her own footing.
Sydney made waves by introducing an efficient new operating system.
Jordan raised Taylor's question and began answering it after careful thought.
Kai wanted to be an organized teacher so she classified her folders according to the subject.
according to the article  Robin achieved a lot in life.
The thugs were chasing Kai.  Kai ran really fast towards home.
Casey endured the pain longer by getting some whiskey to ease the pain.
Quinn picked another team than everyone else when asked who they thought would win.
Jan carried away the items in the cart without paying for them.
Alex and Kai played video games together every day and had fun.
Ash got their own apartment and once they moved in, they realized the walls were very bare.
Remy was eating some old food that was clearly expired when Tracy walked in.
Quinn always beat his wife at Mario Cart and other video games.
Aubrey determined the patient's disease after giving him a complete examination.
Ash played every instrument since he was five years old. Ash's father was a musician.
remy was a secret serial killer so he gave robin a bad feeling.
Robin played their cards right with the boss during the interview.
Riley has been sick and Cameron and his work is piling up at the office.
Carson got directions from their wife and they were then off on the adventure.
Ash gave Remy much respect for the good job mowing the lawn.
Kendall got my money from my wallet after I told him to leave it alone.
Quinn gave Austin detention for the terrible lunch accident that left a big mess.
Alex had to stay late and missed the school bus, so Alex walked home from school one day.
Jesse went home last week, after a month of living on the streets.
Austin wanted to help so they dried Jesse's clothes for them.
Aubrey has wanted to be friends with Quinn for a year, but has been too shy to approach her.
Sydney realized that Sasha was depressed comforted her and lifted her spirits.
Quinn told their friend that the weather was really nice outside and they wanted to go skiing.
Quinn required Alex's effort to complete the mission, because Alex is the most experienced person for the job.
Lee was looking for work in the city, but coudn´t find anything good for someone who graduate from collage with excellent grades.
Jan gave Bailey another shot at the game.
Jan went to the game and played well.
Carson looked away from Quinn after he saw her walking on the mall with her friends.
Sasha left because her friend told her to leave.
Remy was decorating their new home and making it look nice. Remy hung a picture.
Austin went every weekend to see their friend in another town.
After Carson had legally adopted Bailey, Carson changed Bailey's name to theirs.
Wanting to see the country and get out of the city, Carson took a drive.
Robin wanted to travel by plane to Ireland for vacation. Robin finally landed in Dublin.
While applying for colleges, Bailey decided to do extra volunteer work to set herself apart from Sydney.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas and waited for the others to arrive by plane.
Casey broke eye contact after looking at others who were menacing Casey and began to run.
Austin took weeks to finish the paper but when he did it was done correctly.
Austin bites the biscuit and chews thoroughly all under his mother's watchful eyes after being caught sneaking food again.
Remy paid Casey's bill at dinner to show them they are appreciated.
Alex bought a birthday cake for her boss because she had a crush on him.
Quinn gave Kai a refund for a broken computer that they had purchased.
Casey was the perfect girlfriend for him and did everything exactly right.
Lee created a soothing atmosphere for Riley because Riley needed to relax.
Ash got Cameron's towel for him after working out in the gym.
Riley and Kendall had been separated for a long time, and Kendall was finally coming to visit Riley at their home.
Aubrey put the cake in another way. It was the wrong way.
Austin discussed every detail of the plan before they put it into action.
Ash took Kai's medicine as directed and gave it to her.
Lee spent the entire day at the pool because he loved the water.
She wasn't supposed to, because of her diabetes but Sasha tried Jordan's coffee.
Robin went to the movies with a friend and had a very good time there.
Remy starved to death after getting stranded on an island with no wildlife or trees.
Lee's brother was sent to jail for robbery.  All the family shunned them except Lee who went to visit their brother every week.
Ash answered Robin's question well after she kept begging him for the answer.
Aubrey helped bring friends closer by introducing people to each other.
Jan slapped her in the face all of a sudden which surprised everyone who was watching.
Remy forgot her jacket at the basketball game, so Remy needed a new jacket.
Sydney saw a friend walking on the next block and made a beeline to him.
Taylor put the clothes in bags after they were examined by police.
Skylar finished Austin's essay for her to submit to school.
Quinn really wanted to take Addison to the dance. He walked up to her after school and asked Addison to the dance.
Kendall never played baseball but her kids loved it. She decided to sign them up for little league and learn about the game by watching every game with her husband.
Bailey used her wit to control Robert into robbing the bank on 2nd Street.
When Robin falsely accused Cameron of being a liar and said she would never trust him Cameron treated Robin accordingly.
Jan increased the students grades by giving the others an open booked test.
Lee was the best interior designer in town, and he created exactly the atmosphere Riley wanted.
Everyone was showing off their basketball skills, so Jordan took a shot.
Skylar won the championship game with his football team that he had been playing with all year long.
Sydney still loved Kai although he had murdered her father.
Cameron was retiring and ended a long career.
Ash saw Taylor and bid her fair well.
Casey extended the agenda to include a meeting with his old friend from high school.
Lee cooked a pizza for all of her friends at a birthday party.
Alex was the only one who showed the group the way out of the woods.
Jesse found peace in leaving her abusive boyfriend after a tumultuous relationship.
Austin heads up an IT team for a major company.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat and Riley thought the name was kind of silly.
Aubrey showed forth the wisdom and talked about the subject for many hours that week.
Taylor was giving a tour of the gallery. Taylor presented another painting.
Robin went camping with their friend Cameron and showed them a good time.
Taylor gathered the ornaments and decorated the Christmas tree.
Alex got scared on the way home because Alex got flunked in the math course and had to retake it.
Austin couldn't sleep because they were so excited to see their friend Remy they hadn't seen in a long time.
Quinn noticed that a customer was waiting at the counter.
Ash was behaving inappropriately at the bar and groped another patron.
After weeks apart from one another Austin invited their boyfriend to dinner.
Lee spent extra time to explain clearly the topic purpose to the students.
The man and woman were too tired to cook, so Bailey made their breakfast.
Sydney worked well in business to get ahead because as the breadwinner she has to provide for her kids.
Ash asked them what happened and the children lied to him.
Austin had been fired by their homophobic employer, but Lee defended Austin's rights.
Riley gave the girl flowers. She was pleased with the gift.
Casey chased the cat away because the freshly painted floors were still wet.
As the odor of the cinnamon rolls filled the house, Ash tickled Kendall's fancy.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt to leave. They didn't want them to go just yet.
Aubrey directed Lee's course, and Lee ended up being a very successful doctor.
Kai took Riley's kids to the park because Riley had to work that day.
Skylar cooked dinner for Jesse's girlfriend when they had a big dinner party as a group.
Robin left her paperwork outside and when she remembered it, she saw the wind had scattered it.
Carson suddenly stopped and got some donuts for breakfast before going to work.
Alex would be good for business and decided to secure the deal next week.
Alex is a termite inspector.  They inspected Carson's house.
jan offered homework to students so they could get a better grade in the course.
Sydney was showing Kai around the city because they were new and got separated in an unknown area.
Quinn knew Lee well and was very upset to find out he took a promotion to Edmonton.
aubrey persuaded the mother to agree to kick the child out of the house to learn a lesson.
Doug played ice hockey and was good enough to make it to the NHL but ended up robbing banks instead.
Lee stole Tracy's phone. Tracy demanded that he give it back, but he refused.
Since he had 30 minutes left on lunch, Lee decided to play tag with his friends.
Lee cooked food at home to save money on going out to restaurants.
Jan wanted to get things done that day so Jan set the plan in motion.
Alex went to a pizza pace with Cameron after they won an award.
Addison was planning a surprise party for their mother. Addison gathered eggs, milk, flour, sugar, vanilla, and frosting then begin baking.
Bailey heard Kai's laugh and he started laughing too.
Austin was riding his bike near his house after lunch.
Jan watches all of her brothers and sisters after school.
Aubrey came to pick Quinn up so they could go to the mall.
Casey sucked her thumb. Casey's mother told Casey it is vile to suck your thumb.
Ash put money in Quinn's pocket when he refused to let her pay for the dinner.
Lee scared Quinn to death when he came around the corner unexpectedly.
It was late and they were tired, so Remy pressed the car on home.
Jan offered Jordan a piggy back ride in the pool, so Jordan found Jan's slick back.
Sydney knew a good deal when they saw it and bought the care on the spot.
Jesse brought home their friend for thanksgiving because their friend's family lived far away.
Remy got a new phone and wanted to download their favorite apps.
Skylar was jealous of Quinn and sabotaged them with bad advice, so Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best.
After having his well being threatened by bullies, Kai walked away from school.
Riley was undergoing physical therapy after having suffered a severe stroke.
Jesse wants to learn how to do a specific dance. The brochure shows times of lessons and clothing/shoe requirements. Jesse calls and sets up their first lesson.
Carson left his wallet at home and had to go back to get it.
Lee solved the equation for Taylor and then showed him how to do it.
Kendall stole money and others uncovered the theft shortly thereafter.
Kendall made Casey an application to get a new job.
Cameron left the gate open and went to the pool that they liked.
Casey cleaned the dishes they were going to use to make them and Taylor a meal.
Riley told Jan that they needed help on the project that day.
Skylar was an excellent debater and defended their position flawlessly.
Tracy had a crush on Bailey, so she placed her hand near Baileys hand. As a result, Bailey pushed her hand away.
Casey went to her room and started to play some of her video games.
austin made chicken for lunch and also made bread.
Carson kept Tracy alive by being a good doctor to her.
Ash loaded up all the bags and the camping gear into his car.
Quinn kept in a good frame of mind last night to prepare for house work today.
Lincoln was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Aubrey and Austin were playing a new fighting video game. Aubrey was superior at repelling Austin's attacks and got a higher score.
Austin crashed their parent's car while drinking and driving. When their mother asked how the crash happened, Austin told lies to her.
Addison always like to paint since they were a child.  They became a professional artist.
Quinn attended their business meeting like always, and sat there being bored for an hour.
Sasha and Quinn used to be good friends.  But their friendship stopped when Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend.
Jordan drove their partner Addison to school every morning where Addison worked as a teacher then Jordan went on to their work.
Lee got a soda after their shift was over for their friend who was still working on the floor using their friend's money.
Casey asked me for help with her math homework since she was having trouble.
sydney was a wizard so she concentrated water into her hands to practice water magic.
Taylor went to the factory to buy some items for their cookout.
aubrey opened sydney's door and caught sydney doing something they shouldn't be.
Quinn got Riley an education at the school with a good scholarship.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a dress that was cute and colorful.
Skylar tried her best in the competition but she did not win even though her parents cheered her on.
sydney wanted to be nice so she made a bracelet for her friend.
taylor broke up with her boyfriend for the 5th time so she was sick and tired of drama.
Jordan took their toddler to school as she was a prodigy.
Aubrey didn't make the basketball team because she was not athletic and a bad team player.
Lee just rolled their eyes and Quinn didn't know why.
Aubrey tried to find a date for the party and then got Kendall to go with them.
Taylor drove to Las Vegas to propose to a girl they had met one time.
Robin made Cameron's ass red after Cameron talked back to Robin at an event.
Ash was trying to avoid going home because their roommate was upset with them.
Carson has been asking Aubrey out for weeks.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for thirty dollars and did a very good job.
Alex made Addison laugh so hard she had soda come out of her nose.
Cameron put their tree outside and watered it every day of the year.
Austin told lies about cheating, even though their girlfriend knew they'd cheated.
Riley excitedly read some of Addison's account for her experience climbing the mountain and loved it.
Austin bucked down and decided to spend all afternoon working.
Bailey got into a disagreement with their mother and they knew they were right but decided to leave it alone.
Cameron spoke to Bailey well because he liked her.
Tracy offered a job to their friend and their friend accepted the offer.
Taylor kissed their girlfriend at their wedding in front of their friends and family.
Robin transmuted her mother's jewelry into gold so that it could be an investment for the future.
Addison was playing a basketball game against Carson and bumped into their hips.
The managers had a meeting to discuss Lee's tardiness and attitude problems. Lee was going to be fired.
Addison was cruel and tried her hardest to prevent Sasha from making the team.
Casey sucked her thumb and was told she would need braces as a result.
Bailey's dog was getting restless with having a small yard. Bailey took their family to the dark park.
After seeing it was their anniversary, Sydney made it special for them.
Quinn looked Bailey in the eyes and said that he was sorry for his actions.
Taylor made Quinn very angry when they dropped the chocolate cake on the floor.
Quinn was surprised with a birthday cake. Quinn burnt the candle at both ends. She had an amazing night.
Taylor took Jan to their favorite restaurant to propose. Taylor and Jan finish their meal and then Taylor lifts Jan's hand.
Sasha would no longer be able to compete after breaking her leg.
Since they were hungry and hadn't had breakfast, for lunch, Addison ate some tacos.
Lee delivered homework to Austin's house because Austin missed school today after being sick.
Carson told Cameron's sister about the meeting that will be held at the park that day.
Bailey put out an ad to get some work done at her house.
Ash asked Taylor to call them on their cell phone one day.
Riley was the best kindergarten teacher at her local elementary school.
Jesse drew the line when he realized his friends wanted him to steal from his work.
Carson pissed and moaned the entire trip because they wanted to go home and were tired.
Carson had gotten an extravagant gift for their birthday, and they had loved it very much.
sydney was a helpful person so she found jesse a way to the store.
Alex did not want anyone to know it was her that ordered all that food so she gave Jan's name.
Robin made Cameron's ass red by getting a belt and spanking Cameron.
Remy put their feet up in relaxation as he watched TV with popcorn.
Skylar brought their camera to the zoo to take pictures of the animals.
Carson sold the house after months upon months of paying for two properties at once.
Cameron was always late to their job, so Cameron got fired after school.
Cameron took away Ash's friends to the park to play.
cameron was the new basketball coach so he divided the teams into classes.
Lee sent their dog away to the boarding kennel while on vacation.
Riley sold baseball card on ebay.
Sasha decorated the tree with lights and wanted to turn them on but they were not plugged in.
Jan is a student in class with Lee.
Skylar wasn't making enough money selling videos. Skylar decided to sell nothing anymore.
Tracy jumped to Alex's feet when Alex needed help.
Jan came to visit Tracy. Tracy gave Jan permission to come in.
Jesse lost his voice during the concert by yelling too much.
Aubrey has been staying out late and working too much lately and is not feeling well.
Carson supported every cause that she came across.
Ash's abusive ex-husband asked Sasha where Ash was. Sasha knew Ash's hotel.
Kai practiced at home to get good at singing her favorite song.
Sasha asserted one's liberties while they were practicing for their court hearing.
As Andy held out their payment for the bike, Carson quickly grabbed the money from their hand.
Ash sent Sydney to work without a lunch for the third time this week.
Jordan ate Cameron's cookies after she baked them.
Sasha worked harder to strengthen her performance  on her running.
Remy began playing the guitar after practicing.
Skylar and their spouse planned for years to have a baby. Finally, Skylar was having their first baby.
Austin waited on Sasha but she stood them up and later texted saying she wanted to break up.
Casey settled Lee's hash and they decided not to be friends anymore.
Sasha walked alone through the streets after the concert in lieu of a ride.
Remy prepared another meal for her Mom.
Robin got their first job out of college. Their friend Sydney wished them success.
Sydney looked into Robin's eyes and kissed him on the lips.
Riley was stuck on the side of the road and called Tracy for help so Tracy fixed Riley's flat tire.
Jan let their sister outside and her sister ran away forever without coming back.
Kai wanted to have some time to himself so he could read and catch up on work so he let Robin sleep.
Jan, a famous writer, died unexpectedly. Sasha continued Jan's work and had it published in honor of Jan and in Jan's name.
Lee worked hard his whole life and took care of his family, therefore fulfilling God's plan for him.
Lee had to run to the bathroom during a game with friends, so Tracy commanded Lee's army.
Sasha asked Lee's mom for her number so that she could stay in contact with Lee.
Jesse's alarm went off in the morning, but then they realized it was the weekend.
Bailey visited Mexico every year with her entire family at Christmas time.
Riley took one look and fled the scene because it seemed dangerous.
Casey found a solution to the problem after racking his brain for hours.
Addison received a degree in Administration. Addison worked well in business administration.
Tracy found money in the street and went to a burger joint to have some food.
Carson designed homes and offices and was hoping to find work.
Addison gave Riley the authority to do the schedule at work.
Jan showed Austin's picture of the city to the rest of the family.
Jordan told his parents that he cared about them and wanted them to be happy.
Skylar held her hand to Sasha's chest as he was heaving and breathing wildly.
Alex invited their friend Cameron to the party since he was new in town.
Lee dropped their laptop in the water while they were goofing off.
Gas was very expensive in this town, but Casey bought gas anyways.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley to give the news about the explosion.
Jesse put on some new clothes and went to the store to buy some items.
Jan felt rage after she had her car total by another driver.
Sasha put Kai back down in the crib after she finally stopped crying.
Addison had to read her poetry out loud to her entire English class.
Austin divided the cards into categories in a stack on the table.
Skylar's biology final is next week, so they asked Jesse for help studying.
Aubrey took the girl to the dance because she had no one else to dance with.
Jordan enjoys being outdoors. He loves to hunt, fish and get his hands dirty.
Skylar's favorite part of the zoo was the gift shop, so Skylar brought money to the zoo.
Bailey won the wrestling match by overpowering his opponenet.
The school was infested with rats and as Carson was the principal, they sent a message to the assembly.
Kai walked along the road. She always did this when she needed to feel better.
Jan went to buy a new one after hers broke yesterday.
Aubrey told false tales about the adventures she took in different lands.
Casey wrote a book and shared it with the class that they had.
Sasha was made fun of in front of the class. Sasha wanted the moment to end immediately.
Quinn made a doctor's appointment for Kai after Kai asked for Quinn's help.
Jesse got his learner's permit. Riley got Jesse started with his driving lessons.
Aubrey was distracted by a store display and became separated from their parents.
Kendall made Casey fill out the application even though Casey didn't think she was qualified and they were happy to hear she got the job.
Tired of being ignored, Ash elicited a response from Jesse by pushing until it happened.
Bailey was unaware until someone told him, but Bailey smelled really bad.
Riley started drinking the soda after getting it from the machine.
Ash suggested Bailey play basketball in order to do some sport and Bailey loved it.
Casey made Jesse's adjustments for him and thus he had a great guitar to play.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress, so they had to keep being a cook instead.
Alex remodeled Carson's bathroom exactly how they wanted it and was excited when they saw the new layout.
Addison liked carrots and other vegetables a lot because they were full of vitamins.
Jordan took a picture of Casey and gave Casey the picture.
Robin took out the trash and the recycling in time for garbage pickup.
carson was a caring parent so he bought food for his son.
Kendall moved a lot of furniture into their house when they moved.
Robin tried to find her keys and had checked everywhere but the living room.
Skylar continued the behavior longer until she was yelled at by the boss.
Jesse went hunting for the first time using a bow and arrow.
Their sorrow for Carson streamed down their cheeks when he did not get the job.
Kendall kept talking forever.  Their friends got annoyed and left.
Kai took their phone out of the box and read the directions.
Remy attempted another flip.  He was successful this time.
Alex helped a person in distress when she saw him hurt.
Carson persuaded them to accept the tickets. He had been to Disneyland a few times this day.
Alex gave Quinn an idea but Alex told Quinn they should try to make the idea happen instead.
according to the article Carson played the voicemail on their phone.
Robin organized their thoughts in a way that made other people understand their unique perspective.
Carson went to the game and had a great time with his brother there.
Tracy paid all of Addison's bills after they ran into serious financial trouble.
Addison shut Lee's eyes after he died in her lap and then the ambulance showed up too late to help.
Casey played a joke on her friend and set a trap for her.
Skylar received a work contract but decided to discuss it with his lawyer first.
Sydney was watching her friends house over their holiday, and was told to feed their dog.
Jordan got sick to their stomach about the terrible news about the accident.
After being diagnosed with a tumor, Aubrey's doctor offered her different solutions. Aubrey took the information into consideration.
Casey found their class after looking around the building for fifteen minutes.
Quinn served their notice to their employer as was protocol.
Jan was looking for work so Ash gave Jan an opportunity to come to work as Ash's coffee shop.
sasha presented tracy's case to the jury and tracy was acquitted of all crimes.
Quinn played Skylar's game while waiting for more friends to show up.
Sasha saved the mother's babies when the mother was suffering the panic attack.
Jan gave Bailey another chance for an interview after Bailey was unable to make the original appointment.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the city from his high condo.
It was Ash's birthday and all their friends came together and were giving them gifts.  Sydney also gave Ash a present.
Bailey made all of the guests annoyed so Taylor, the host, said that Bailey would leave.
Skylar opened Addison's gifts since Addison was too young to get them open.
Carson forgot his phone. Alex brought Carson's phone from his home.
Jordan published Bailey's blow by blow account of the bank robbery online.
Sasha dropped their engagement ring in the Quarry so Sasha spent the day digging around the quarry but sadly to no avail.
Bailey has recently moved to a new apartment. There are spiders around the apartment. Bailey kills a spider with her shoe.
Sydney's song sounded bad but turned out really well at the party.
Austin did not apologize for their racist comments and really dug their own grave here.
Robin went to her house for her lunch break.
Riley didn't have anything to do so Ash played video games with them and cured their boredom.
Bailey met Addison in the street to confront Addison about how they tried to flirt with Bailey's girlfriend.
Riley stared into Taylor's eyes after Taylor said something silly to them.
We all looked for the lost keys. Kendall found his keys under the sofa cushions.
Remy blinked Quinn's eyes to make them lose the staring contest.
ash was a supportive person so she knew aubrey could do it.
Austin showed Bailey kindness on that snowy day in January by helping her clean off her car.
Bailey told Austin that she did not want to go to the store with them.
Ash had been struggling with addiction and decided to make some life changes.
The others were not understanding what was being said, so Taylor used paper to explain.
Riley wanted to work on her tan for the summer. Riley was at the beach with friends laying in the sun.
Jan is a grandmother known for her cooking and stories about food. Jan started a blog yesterday.
Tracy forces Jan's hand, and Jan has no choice but to surrender the gold.
Kendall pulled the project together because she wanted to get the homeless shelter up and running as soon as possible.
Carson visited a friend and was prepared for the holidays.
Quinn had fallen on hard times and Skylar gave him shelter.
Aubrey started school for the first time and hung to the mom's leg.
Kai learned to play the piano by watching how to videos on the internet.
Ash know the rules better than most of the people playing the game.
Casey played a joke on her friend Mandy. Both Casey and Mandy laughed and laughed.
Skylar ate breakfast with their family.  They thank their family for coming to have breakfast with them.
Aubrey's child, Lee, was playing video games all day inside. Aubrey made Lee go outside.
Tracy tried for years to get into the club and finally did.
Remy was moving and trying to get rid of some extra stuff.
Riley dipped Austin's head into a pool as they were having fun with friends.
Remy quickly grabbed money from the tray and ran home for the day.
Tracy gave Kai utterance because she wanted to express how she felt.
Addison put Jesse on the end of the line behind Riley.
Alex stood shoulder to shoulder with them even though he was still young and naive.
Kai waited for one of the other shoe to drop because he was just done with it all.
lee was a selfish business owner so he gave nobody a bonus.
Cameron sold Sasha's coins at prices a lot more than they both expected.
Ash sent someone to protect their friend while she was home alone.
Remy wanted to impress their friends with the brand new luxury car they got.
alex wanted to win the fight so he landed a strong punch in the fighter's face.
Kai caught Remy in the act of eating the cookies that were supposed to be taken to the bake sale.
Carson had been cooking all day and had dirtied all the pans in the kitchen.
Ash sold Casey's house and negotiated a good price on it.
Their little daughter was going to be four years old tomorrow.  Ash wanted to make a cake.
Casey defended every accusation for things they did when they under took the development project.
After witnessing bad behavior, Jordan served up Carson as an example to the others.
Addison ran past Casey to win the race at the last second.
While coaching Aubrey on how to swing a golf club, Kendall placed Aubrey's hands at their side.
Sasha improved the others efficiency by ten fold with little effort.
Ash was jogging with their phone and tried to change the song that was playing. Ash dropped the phone and cracked the screen.
Taylor decorated their bright Christmas tree with their family and had fun.
Lee found a wife for their friend Carson and gave them a hug.
Bailey happily accepted the gift because many people were looking at him.
After checking the fridge for missing ingredients, Tracy made up a grocery list.
Skylar and Quinn are huge fans of actions movies. There was a highly anticipated one coming out that Skylar wanted Quinn to see as well.
Casey carefully observed and found Skylar's vital signs.
Casey filled Syndey's heart with grief when she dumped at the altar.
Cameron carried their weight even though they weren't supposed to lift too much.
Remy hit the buffers of the lane when he threw the bowling ball.
After Jan begged Ash for help getting together a security deposit for their new apartment, Ash lent Jan money.
Casey provided the names of the robbers to the police and they went to arrest them.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye and asked for forgiveness.
Addison bought a new fridge at the store and brought it to their house.
Jordan took their toddler to school and the others were appreciative.
Jordan had a word with him about the big incident in the mall.
Sydney aroused Kendall's interests in hopes she would agree to go to the movie with her.
Sasha's mom warned Sasha not to hang out with their friends because they were trouble. Eventually, Sasha listened to their mom.
Quinn put money in the machine to get a snack.
Lee made it home safe after driving slowly and paying attention.
Taylor was at a party and Bailey had to go home so Taylor told people Bailey had to leave.
Tracy grabbed Sydney's hand and they both walked to the park that night.
Lee closed the door behind Sydney because her arms were full.
Skylar didn't want to buy a Halloween costume so Skylar made their own.
In order to provide for his wife and kids, and keep the house, Casey made ends meet.
Riley got a scholarship to college because they got good grades in high school.
Bailey has been trying to solve a problem for a while now but has been stumped. He finally figured it out after a final check.
The police came over to the house after a small explosion went off near Cameron's house. They knew who had set up the explosion and Cameron told someone the truth about it.
Austin threw some candy at their friend because they were being very rude.
Jordan gave a speech in which they quoted their mentor's research.
Jan focused Remy's attention on the assignment before them.
according to the article Sydney felt warm.
Casey kindly received Jan's very thoughtful gift for her 21st birthday.
Remy got a new phone after her old one had been cracked for months.
Remy taught people in class a lesson about how to play the flute.
Taylor and Jesse were trying to edit a movie and after talking it over decided Jesse's way was best.
Quinn bought a burger to have something to eat for dinner.
Alex felt fine when he got home from work.
Bailey scarred the hell out of Alex because Alex was a violent person.
Ash came unto Robin with quite the odd request there.
Austin was leaving the love of his life in San Francisco. Austin boarded the train.
Remy invited all of their friends over for a dinner party at their newly purchased home.
Cameron broke my leg when we were messing around yesterday.
Alex finally decided to get it over with and told Tracy she was pregnant.
Robin acted as an intermediary for Quinn when she needed to explain the paperwork to their client, while Quinn out of town.
Tracy gave Carson's developmentally delayed baby a kiss and the baby finally said it's first words.
Remy went to the mall and met the Santa that was working there.
Quinn put a damper on their excitement and everyone settled down.
Carson was going on a trip and Skyar helped Carson pack their things.
Lee woke up early ready to go. Lee started the day.
Jordan opened the envelope and announced the winner.
Taylor bit Austin's lip and kissed him very deeply.
The others were throwing a party and really wanted Carson to come.
Kendall felt happy after graduating college in just 3.5 years.
tracy became a great movie producer so she decided to produce another movie.
Immediately after they graduated from high school, Jordan moved across the country last year.
Casey got Jan's trash to throw away in order to help Jan out as a friend.
Jordan planned a secret surprise birthday party for Addison.
Aubrey took her final test of college last week and passed it with an A.
carson read the papers on casey's unethical experiment and conducted casey's experiment himself.
Sasha played catch with Addison's dad, because their dad never did anything with them.
Riley heard the thunder booming and saw the clouds moving in so she quickly moved toward the house and Riley took Jan inside.
Tracy found out she was pregnant and had to tell her parents. Tracy dropped a bombshell at dinner.
Aubrey waited in line for tickets so she can see the big movie this coming Friday.
Alex kept Addison's balance because she was not good with money.
Carson got a point across and the others finally agreed to cooperate.
Before the big exam was to be given out to students, the teacher, Riley ran tests so that the students knew the material.
Remy took their boat to the water and sent it into it quickly.
Carson met their sister at the store, but their sister ran out of money.
Alex took the money that was in the briefcase and was later hunted down by cartel members.
Sydney spun the bottle on the table because there was nothing else to do.
Cameron wanted a bike for Christmas instead of a hoverboard like the other children.
Skylar sneakily dyed Casey's hair blue because they were angry at her.
Remy invited over a hundred people to their upcoming wedding.
Riley was a very thorough instructor who enjoyed helping students learn.
Casey watched a movie together with their family and friends over the weekend.
Several people have seen a dangerous man lurking around the neighborhood. Robin keeps all the children inside the house.
Jesse wanted to believe Ash so she trusted what he said.
Taylor stole Austin's card and authorised purchases, pretending to be Austin. Taylor signed Austin's name every time he had to sign off on a purchase.
Taylor convinced Aubrey that they should join the Army after high school.
Alex painted the house he bought from the real estate broker.
Robin rode the bus to and from work everyday of the week.
Remy tilted their head back and laughed at the Joke Aubrey said.
Aubrey needed to buy a few things, so she entered the store.
Riley impressed her boss at work when she went way beyond the scope asked of her.
Cameron wanted to hang out with his friends so he looked for their phone numbers.
Casey was driving home one night and stopped for food.
Kendall paid Sasha's cable bill beacuse she was doing bad at work and needed some help.
Tracy drank alcohol with friends and ended up puking all over the bathroom mirror.
Ash met friends at the door and welcomed them in the party.
Cameron and Taylor were best friends.  Taylor loved all types of music and Cameron loved music as well so they regularly went to concerts.
Taylor was across the playground from Alex. Taylor screamed Alex's name.
Robin worked hard for some overtime pay and finally bought a game they had been wanting.
After a long drive home from the office, Jordan finally turned the car into the driveway.
Jordan told the teacher what the others did.
Tracy did something else because he needed more money.
Jordan gave Quinn medicine because she was very ill.
Robin embraced every child before they got on the school bus to go home.
Jan was a professional dog trainer.  They taught Addison's dog various tricks.
Robin laughed so much when she was at a comedy show with her friends.
Bailey developed a disdain for Quinn with interest in one of his best friends instead.
Jordan looked familiar to him and was asked some questions that day.
alex put his arm around tracy so tracy moved his arm.
Skylar accomplished his goal of catching 10 fish when he went fishing with Addison's dad.
sasha had a visit from the neighbor's family but she treated the family and hers as one.
Robin struggled in her daily life but tried hard to succeed, although it often turned out she was not good enough.
We put some cream on her face and did her Halloween makeup just like a zombie.
Kai is worried that Jan doesn't believe them. Kai promises they are telling the truth. Even crossing their heart and hope to de.
Skylar's reaction was so exaggerated that Remy produced laughter at Skylar's reaction.
Addison used fire to keep her and the others warm outside.
Jan got sad after watching a movie about a dying species of animal.
Riley enjoyed playing with her friend, they played board games and checkers.
Quinn sold their home and moved across the country to live in Florida.
Kai played paintball because it was fun and entertaining.
Taylor solved the nation's debt problem with a genius accounting move that was not seen before.
Riley toed the line at his company so his boss would like him.
Jan had a long day and could not stop to get a bite. Starving and tired, Jan made spaghetti to eat when they got home.
Aubrey succeeded their father after the father won multiple awards on different occasions.
Alex was an ugly man, four hundred pounds overweight with boils and warts coating his body.
Kai took Riley's kids to the park, but one of the kids got lost.
Addison got married today. It was a happy day for them.
kai was open to broadening his horizons so he learned how to knit.
Casey saw what was wrong with Sasha and got some candy to have a good time.
Quinn owned a car and took really good care of it.
After years of building up her empire, Sasha successfully handed it over to her son.
Alex pulled Addison's head back so that she could put her hair in a ponytail.
Skylar had her first baby and it was a big kid with a smile.
Quinn sent Cameron flowers at the hospital because they were recovering from surgery.
Casey wanted a picture of Jordan so he gave her one.
Bailey sent their kids to school in preparation for the big upcoming test.
Ken arrived in a suit Alex had never seen before. Ken looked so sexy. Alex batted an eyelash.
Austin played a the most popular game in the world and was asked to join a competition.
Alex got a ticket on the way home and had to pay a fine.
Sasha gave their son dessert after the son finished the main course and vegetables.
Alex's parents spoiled him and never disciplined him. At preschool he tried to govern every person, including the aides and teachers.
Bailey spend time helping her friend studying for a test.
Jesse and his family live in a small house with a long driveway. It took them 3 hours but Jesse got the driveway shoveled but was exhausted.
Ash was driving through the desert and saw the first gas station for 50 miles. Ash put some fuel in the car.
Quinn learned to speak Sasha's native language which was Spanish.
Quinn plays games on Kai's computer. Quinn notices Kai's mouse pad is ripped causing the mouse to jump around.
Cameron started acting unusual and unresponsive. Remy gave Cameron the benefit of the doubt.
Skylar has been on a vacation for the past month. She wrote to Lee about her trip. Lee wrote back to Skyler.
A poor mother was being thrown out of the house by her husband as Sasha was walking by, he threw all her belonging onto the street so Sasha helped to save the mother's belongings.
Jordan invited Tracy to live with him, so Jordan made room for Tracy.
Skylar kept Quin becoming the best by interfering with his practice.
Remy was figeting during class and couldn't concentrate. Jan pulled out an action figure and focused Remy's attention.
Jan could tell Robin was interested so they asked them out.
Alex started cooking dinner for everyone but was told that Kai did not want dinner.
Cameron did their job well and got a promotion for the work.
Addison saw a car in the driveway and new the pizza had arrived.
Sasha stuck to what they thought was right and did the right thing.
Taylor and Austin were very good friends, so Taylor frequently read Austin's mind.
Alex sold their old phone because they wanted a new and better phone.
Robin took time out of her day to introduce the guest to the rest of the class.
After he blew out the candles to kingdom come, Kai decided to eat cake and feed his cats.
Ash asked Casey anything about the weather for this week.
When Carson saw their newborn baby for the first time, the baby looked at them and stopped crying.
Being very hungry and malnourished after the flight, Cameron persuaded the cook to give him a sandwich.
Carson was hungry and wanted to go to the restaurant right away.
Sasha realized that Cameron made an error on their test.
After going to the library and finding the law booklets, Cameron passed them to Taylor.
Since Austin's family mostly lived in another state, whenever Austin wanted to visit them, Austin took a bus across the country.
Jesse satisfied Carson's curiosity. He gave him the answer he had been looking for.
Remy got their new phone and a great time playing with the new features.
Kendall increased their speed by reducing the size of the parachute.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to sing at the community talent show that they were having.
Tracy volunteered her services and assisted in the bread making class.
My girlfriend made me soup but Jesse ate it.
Lee wanted to make their name known by going above and beyond all expectations.
During the talent show, Sasha showed off her slight of hand magic. After the show she offered her talent to audiences to hire her at Birthday parties.
While the teacher was teaching, Austin was reading something else since he knew what is being taught already.
Robin wore a hat inside their grandmother's house because they forgot their grandmother doesn't allow hats to be worn inside.
Kendall's brother bought a big new tv but it looked complicated to set it up. Kendall helped to get the television started.
Ash went to his job and did his best to get all of the work done during the day.
Aubrey went into Ash's room to play with the many toys on the ground.
Lee was new in the company and every Friday they had office meetings. Lee took part in discussions there.
Jordan heard his cat at the door and got the cat some food to eat that night.
Cameron told someone the truth because she wanted to become a better person.
Aubrey was very patient and waited in line for her turn at the DMV.
Austin had Riley's back when Jack began picking on Riley.
Ash was good at what he did and substantially increased their profits.
Ash ran a marathon and finished first place in it and was glad.
Austin left in a huff of anger. They had enough of it.
Alex brought him along and they had so much fun at the park.
Quinn got a vanilla birthday cake from their friends and family on their birthday.
Kai blew away the army that was continuously attacking them to kingdom come.
austin loved working with his hands so he built quinn's house.
Tracy saw Kai standing there and went over to say hello.
Sydney turned heads with her new look as they show off all they have.
Quinn provided Remy's framework for the task they had to complete.
Cameron handed in her paper to get reviewed. When it came back Sydney had marked the paper with an asterisk.
Carson used Sydney's method of getting their chores done.
Carson worshipped god according to their teachings and had a fun time learning about God that night.
Tracy snuck behind Cameron and put ice down his shirt.
Carson met his sister for lunch and invited the others as well.
Robin ran counter to their friend to get more work done.
Quinn told Addison that she was having issues with eating.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the book on had her make an oath to the office.
Tracy held Sasha position in the debate about topics.
Bailey told the time from her new shiny watch.
Remy started to hurt after tripping over the branch.
Taylor and Alex worked the closing shift at the coffee shop. They commute together since they live on the same block. Taylor gave Alex a ride home in her car.
Kai wore headphones but they wouldn't play music.
Cameron wanted to start a business so he did an internet search to learn more.
Taylor was a key source of support in Kendall's day to day life.
Austin decided to go for a swim with a group of friends one day.
Jan made the decision to hire the best candidate for the job.
Alex started to run after they say a stranger coming towards them.
Taylor is friends with Bailey but hasn't met their girlfriend yet. Taylor decided to get Bailey's girlfriend a gift to be given the first time they meet.
Austin traced back the footprints to his camp.
Taylor was tired of looking at the same clothes every day. Taylor wanted a new look and went shopping.
Carson announced to everyon the plans and then broke them into teams.
Sasha caught the frisbee back when they were playing with their friend.
Kendall is really out of control. She stole Skylar's expensive purse and pawned it for next to nothing.
Alex killed the fatted calf because there was no more food left to eat.
Jesse agreed to look after Alex's house while they were out of town.
Kai couldn't make a decision so Sydney made up Kai's mind and said yes.
casey rode his motorcycle too much and eventually got into an accident and broke his leg.
Jan accomplished their purpose and managed to get the promotion at work.
Alex gave Quinn an idea about what they could do that night.
Sydney pushed Taylor aside in order to win the final around.
Jordan pointed Quinn's finger. Quinn told Jordan to stop.
Remy wrote poems about the sky and the tress for hours.
Tracy cast Robin's line into the lake so that they could catch some fish.
Cameron never drank at the party.
Sydney took a class on physics and got a good grade on it and was happy.
Because her parents were out of town, Sydney was spending the weekend at Jan's house.  Sydney was glad that Jan's mom agreed to take them to the mall.
A pop fly is hit far into the outfield. Lee caught the ball in his glove.
Jesse would win a prize because she won everything she ever attempted.
Austin knew what to eat and got a lot of different meats to taste.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home in her car after the show, even though he had always been rude to her when with friends.
Sydney caught her son Austin smoking pot when she told him not to.
Jesse sent a gift instead of a card for their birthday.
Addison turned quickly towards Alex after they had heard the shout.
Riley invited some friends over and they ordered pizza and watched movies.
Addison called the customer into Skylar's office to talk about the incident that happened.
Cameron sewed the wound together to stop the bleeding, and ultimately saved the arm.
Remy said no based upon principle and caring for his actions.
Aubrey's daughter worked at a cafe that was hiring a cook. Aubrey arranged for Alex an interview.
Saha's parents gave Kendall a ride from the park. Kendall thanked Sasha's parents for the help.
Lee took a game from a store without paying. Feeling bad, Lee brought the game back to the store.
Ash spent extra time at work to earn money to pay rent.
Bailey accused their neighbour of stealing their milk and was quick to point the finger at one particular neighbour who was new in the street.
Cameron tried to work on commission as a stock broker. They made almost nothing.
Riley worked in the student services building and regularly ran tests.
Jordan played on the chess team in high school and won first place.
Addison visited the farm with his sister, so they can milk the cows and be productive.
A job fair came to Skylar's school. Skylar took notice of the opportunities and found that their dream job was hiring.
Aubrey lost her necklace at the park, but Bailey helped her find it.
Tracy entered Austin's father's house,Aystin got very annoyed and hit her on the head.
Jesse told many lies to Lee about his past and Lee was angry when finding out about it.
Austin loved gaming and needed a new computer. Austin spent his paycheck to make a computer.
Jesse went to the fair with their friends and rode a roller coaster.
Addison saw a sign on the side of the road that said to slow down for the construction crew.
Robin enjoyed the experience of going to the play.
Bailey took a nap in class and missed out on the test everyone took.
Lee changed Casey's mind when he demonstrated the new invention at work.
Taylor got the TV working after watching YouTube videos about the problem.
Jesse hit a bump in the road and spilled his drink.
Aubrey wanted to impress Cameron's friends and decided that they would make something tasty to eat.
Bailey was playing outside with her friends. Bailey saw everyone cover from the rain and go indoors.
On Friday Bailey's class was not paying attention or listening. Bailey had had enough and gave detention to the entire class.
Riley put their child up for adoption because they couldn't afford to take care of the child anymore.
Riley wanted to try out a new wrestling hold. Riley wrapped my arms around Quinn's neck.
Carson was pregnant and laying down in bed. Carson felt contractions on her side.
Austin went ahead decided to build Quinn a house.
Tracy went to Sasha's house to study but Sasha had other plans on how to spend the day.
Austin went every weekend but could not go this week until he mowed his lawn.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants up. Tracy was to young to do it themself.
Sasha had her hands full with all of her children.
Bailey answered all the questions before anyone else in the class.
Riley looked the robber straight in the eye and told them they should be ashamed of themselves.
Alex finally came to visit. Ash hadn't seen Alex in years before this.
Tracy got into a bad car accident and had to go to the hospital.
Alex signed Taylor's contractual agreement for Alex's new apartment. Alex agreed to the lease and provided the security deposit.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with warmth after giving them flowers for Valentin's Day.
Aubrey found out she was pregnant after having an affair with a married man.
Jordan brought people together despite their differences in opinion.
Quinn goes to Alex for some ideas for the paper being written. Alex gives Quinn some ideas.
Jordan woke up late because she forgot to set her alarm. SHe was running late for school.
Quinn spent many years studying the pyramids at school and wanted to see them.
Cameron had been in the hospital and could not work, so Ash paid his bills.
Addison went to Aubrey's magic show. Aubrey created an illusion for Addison.
Sasha was Addison's mentor in college, so Sasha provided Addison with many opportunities to grow and advance in their career.
Quinn told Addison that she wanted to go to the party alone.
Remy taught themselves how to think about problems in a different way.
Jan struck every note on the piano scales.
Carson went to a new restaurant in town and ate delicious food.
Ash stood on Jordan's legs on accident when getting a better view of the animals.
Quinn attended their business open house feeling very nervous but excited as well.
Wanting to see how well it worked, Robin used Tracy's device.
Addison found the one Skylar wanted after searching the top shelves in the library.
Jesse saw a hat they liked so they bought a new hat.
Casey came home late and found police waiting inside her home.
Austin reluctantly sent Kendall and Teresa to the front line of the war.
Jesse wrote the instructions on the board so the others were clear on what they needed to do.
Quinn needed some money so Jan put money in Quinn's bank.
Cameron asked the man a favor to go get some food for his starving dog.
Skylar had studied all weekend with their tutor in order to pass the exam.
Kendall saw Skylar sign the paper that was a petition to have Kendall removed from the club.
After ordering dinner in a restaurant, Sasha took a walk to the bathroom.
Remy carried out Addison's work plans and the plan resulted in them becoming rich.
Addison did Remy's dirty work in hopes of impressing him.
Ash shower their gratitude for the ladies that made them dinner last night.
Bailey went to a roller skating rink and watched other kids. Bailey got up enough nerve and put his skates on.
Riley established outposts in areas around the area to watch out for criminals.
Remy helped Kendall study for their exam. Remy gave Kendall and advantage.
Quinn was in detention being bored. Quinn talked to a friend that was also there.
It was Christmas but Kendall decided to open all of Quinn's presents.
Since their college was closing for summer break, Jesse went home last week.
Lee finally found the remote controller he was looking for for hours.
Addison was having their birthday party at their favorite restaurant with their friends and family.
Addison was in New York visiting old friends of theirs.
Sydney took Ash back to her place to watch an amazing show that night.
Aubrey carefully studied the pattern for her homemade coat and cut the cloth accordingly.
Addison had gotten a book from the library and returned the book that evening.
Aubrey made a pig of herself when she ate the whole pie in one sitting.
Aubrey felt jealous after he saw Kei playing with Carlos.
sasha wanted to play sports so she started playing soccer as a goalie.
Ash laid down next to her dog Jesse as the veterinarian said "ready?".
Cameron needed money for Christmas from his parents because he was broke.
Lee spent the hour with Remy and then headed home afterwards.
Jesse thought aloud the themselves as they paced back and forth across the study.
Addison got good grades after studying for weeks to do well on their finals.
Aubrey gave Carson a break because they had been working straight through the night to finish the preparation. Aubrey had slept a few hours, and felt pretty good.
Lee ate with Alex during breakfast every day to their constant amusement.
Sydney felt bad about helping the convict get out of prison.
After failing math the first semester, Carson finally made progress.
Aubrey sent text messages to her friends to invite them to a party that she was throwing.
Robin was on a road trip across their state and loves animals. Robin visited the beach one day.
Remy produced her impression of Casey. It was an excellent impression.
Cameron announced the news of their engagement to everyone in the family.
Remy gave Addison a glass of his best whiskey cocktail: a good old fashioned.
Austin listened carefully and decided to follow Cameron's safety measures.
Sydney couldn't believe Jesse's luck after they won the contest at school.
Lee was hurt and wanted to tell others they were very mad.
Carson started Jan on a diet program.  Jan lost 10 pounds in a week.
It was snowing outside and the roads were slick. Kendall lost control of the car and went in a ditch.
Riley taught their father how to fish. The father appreciated it and cherished the lessons.
Bailey did not want their dog stealing others toys, so Bailey took dog toys to the dog park.
Skylar spent time with Remy's family after they lost their only son.
Even though Sasha had stolen his most precious possessions, Jesse gave Sasha a chance for redemption.
Jesse met a girl named Kendall and asked if she would like to go out.
Kai took refuge in Jesse's house from the storm and had a nice cup of coffee.
Austin's new job was not very challenging, and Austin reached their goals without much effort.
Remy made Taylor study with them for the math test tomorrow.
Quinn went to work on Monday and was asked by the manager to help with some extra work so Quinn attended to their business then put it aside for the day to help the manager.
Cameron was having dinner with Robin and wanted to show love. Cameron put Robin's hand on his leg to flirt.
After circling around for 30 minutes Sasha found a parking spot.
Cameron waited to get home to shower and eat something.
Tracy told a lie at school saying there wasn't going to be a test today.
Austin saw an old man carrying a lot of groceries struggling to walk up some stairs. Austin gave the old man help carrying the groceries.
Bailey apologized to his boss about missing the deadline about the big project.
Jan told Cameron what Cameron didn't know and Cameron gave him a hug.
Robin had an entire week of finals to look forward to. Robin studied for a test.
Quinn made their point when she argued in court.
Quinn put money in the machine, but the candy got stuck in the coils.
Carson was in their tent and shared their supplies with the rest of the team.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to sit. Alex had been trying to train the dog for several weeks but was frustrated with the slow progress. Kendall offered to take care of the dog during Alex's vacation.
Kai made woodwork by hand in his craft workshop.
Carson went to the grocery store today, and spent half of his paycheck.
Remy asked Kendall out on a date after pulling his chair next to her and introducing himself at the coffee shop.
Remy almost gave up after the last failure, but started over again instead.
Tracy needed a cool job and assisted in jewelry making.
Ash dropped the phone while walking to a friend's house.
Sydney took their kids to the beach and while exploring Sydney found a crab in the sand.
Cameron made Bailey's jaw drop when he showed them the money they Cameron stole.
Kai wanted to take Jan outside to play. Kai played fetch with Jan in the backyard.
Alex was going out of town for the weekend. Kai decided to bring home Alex's dog.
addison got into the plane and decided to go flying.
Casey talked to Ash's teacher because they were good at science and they wanted help.
Austin took some lessons and got very good at singing the blues.
Riley brought Taylor to the witness stand to speak out against the scam artist.
Aubrey wanted a boyfriend more than anything after breaking up with the last boy she went out with.
Casey was prepared for Cameron's emergency by having extra tampons in her purse.
Addison ran past Casey out of the burning building leaving Casey behind.
Tracy loved Alex still even though they had not seen each other in years.
Kendall provided food for people who were at the shelter during the ice storm that knocked out many people's electricity.
Jordan pushed the spider away from Skylar just before it crawled on her.
Ash squeezed Quinn hand when they were on the roller coaster together.
Riley bought some books after work and was heading home to read them.
Skylar rejected every detail of the proposal that Alex spend weeks drawing up.
In their article, Arizona gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Skylar knew he didn't have a choice and obeyed the king's wishes.
Remy was furious with the way they acted and knocked them to the ground.
Bailey made an enemy of Austin when Bailey stole Austin's girlfriend after the tennis match.
austin was clever so he knew how to guide jan's car into the driveway correctly.
taylor decided to return to being a good guy because evil was too much for him.
kendall after much persistence finally got a date with bailey on saturday.
Jordan told Riley that he wanted to go on a date with her.
Alex has had a crush on Cameron and finally asked her on a date.
Bailey joined forces with the others who were attempting to pull off the same political changes.
Austin had three children, and was overwhelmed with all the extra responsibility.
Carson threw a bone to his friend to feed the dog.
Taylor took Carson's turn in the race after Carson forfeited.
Jesse never bought it and had to go home empty handed that night.
Sydney was arranging her desk in her office. Sydney got her files in order and put away.
Since they were the host of the party, Kendall provided drinks for people.
Bailey is Addison's older sibling. Bailey shaved Addison's head while their parents were asleep.
The new iPhone was being released at midnight. Sasha arrived at 10 PM and there was a huge queue. Sasha waited a long time to get one.
Taylor was an outstanding boy scout and Taylor obtained every badge by the time they were 12.
After having a very busy day at work, Remy finally called her friend.
Quinn cooked pasta on the stove. When it was finished he ate it.
Remy put his arm around their neck to show affection to their friend.
Sasha dropped Casey's hand when she was getting ready to leave.
Ash got the best out of Sasha every time he came to visit.
Jan ate their plants that were growing in their garden all year.
To ensure everyone was picture ready, Tracy said cheese to the class to to make every one smile.
Sasha found a stray cat and wanted to keep it but they partner was allergic so Sasha brought the cat to a shelter.
Robin got Skylar a new job at the law firm as a paralegal.
Carson asked their daughter to perform the lines for everyone to see.
Aubrey helped people who were in need due to financial hardships.
Aubrey had to make Sydney explain themselves, because they were babbling with incoherent phrases.
Sasha and Taylor have been friends since childhood.  Sasha would see Taylor going away for the first time to go to college.
Alex never washed their hair, and their coworkers filed a complaint with the manager.
Sydney got a new bike as a birthday present and Remy was very jealous.
Sasha played goalie in the big soccer game last weekend.
Bailey met Addison in the street to confront Addison about how they tried to flirt with Bailey's girlfriend.
Jan's dog was whining and scratching the door, so Jan let him outside.
Remy's desk was disorderly and it was affecting their job performance. Casey helped Remy organize their desk.
Sasha was a very hostile and angry person who had problems with everyone.
Skylar ran smoothly through the course and won first place at the event.
Jesse pleased Lee's father by being a well behaved son in law at a dinner.
Ash offered the job to his friend even though his friend was not qualified.
Taylor gave Lee's son presents after spending the Christmas with Lee's family.
As Alex was leaving his job to go home, he wanted to grab a bite to eat. Alex got food at a restaurant on the way home.
Alex was going to head to the mountain for a relaxing weekend. Alex packed a bag.
Sasha is the executor of the mother's estate.
Alex saved Skylar the trouble of calling by showing up at her house.
Quinn made a cake for his classmates. He let them have it all.
Remy had a long school year, but spring break was over and the end was getting close.
Jordan spent more time on the assignment and set the curve high to the others detriment.
Quinn did their hair and makeup and got a big tip for her great service.
kai was a idiot and tasted some weird meat.
Addison visited the farm with his sister and they chased all the chickens around.
Jordan was good friends with Taylor's family and wanted to check up on them.
Cameron saw his friend after many years.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to dinner to keep her company while Kendall headed off to war.
Skylar moved themself along through the crowd and made it to where they were going.
Aubrey got on a set of weighted gloves and challenged Tracy's friends.
Alex decided he loved their minds and bodies after meeting the models at the photo shoot.
Sydney wanted to get Tracy back for playing a joke on her. One day Sydney pulled a prank on Tracy in the lunch room.
Robin abolished starvation in the states after she became president and took up lots of charities.
Kai hired an assistant to help them with all of their daily chores.
After Casey asked them to help, Carson helped Casey conduct their experiment.
Lee gave Riley a glimpse of the food they were cooking for them.
Lee covered their tracks after eating the last of the cookies.
Carson would get better at cooking and soon made a nice meal that night.
Tracy paid Taylor homage when they were spending time with others.
Bailey's car broke down this morning, but she did everything in her power to make it to work on time.
After Robin responded with what she wanted done with the table, Addison produced Robin's response.
Bailey made Jesse a fortune after he became a private investor for Bailey.
Jordan saw they could get some foods and that was all they could think about after that.
Addison broke Remy's phone to prevent them from calling for help.
It was the worst homicide scene Riley had ever seen and she couldn't get the images out of her head. Riley gave Casey a report on the investigation so far.
Casey played a role in causing the dam to collapse on itself.
Jordan quickly got the answer and raised his hand to let his math teacher know.
Lee made his name famous when he got a gold medal in the Olympic games.
Lee converted to Christianity after hearing of God's love for all people.
Sydney was giving a presentation about drinking and driving. At the end, she really drove home the point.
Ash stole one. Then stole another. Ash has problems.
Sydney told Jan's mother something. Sydney wasn't happy after that talk.
Lee felt he had received a message from God while at church and felt he had fulfilled God's wishes.
Riley gave candy to Tracy knowing that Tracy was starting a keto friendly diet.
Sasha found a good store where she can buy her groceries.
Carson found help nearby and got the yard mowed in an hour.
Skylar buries Jan's head in the sand like an ostrich.
Kendall shared Riley's thoughts on the project at the meeting.
Tracy organized another party so everyone could hang out together.
Jesse sent lunch instead. The others in the office were very grateful to Jesse for her help.
Bailey liked to go to the park with her dog.
Aubrey got Remy a job at the high paying casino as a dealer.
Casey urged Bailey to accept the grade even though Bailey was upset about it.
Skylar wanted to try a new recipe to cook dinner for their partner. Skylar mixed all the ingredients while they thought about how good it would taste and how nice it would be to have dinner together.
Addison quit smoking and drinking. Afterwards when enough time had passed she was much happier.
Riley did everything right, but was still fired from their job.
Remy saw stars when she used her new telescope.
Jordan spent more time practicing baseball and played until he collapsed.
The kids broke the broom while playing with it, so Alex glued the broken broom back together.
At the office's holiday party, Tracy accidentally got drunk and started yelling at a coworker she had had an argument with earlier that week.
Although they tried their best to be friends with Kendall, Kendall never liked them.
Aubrey slammed the door and then cried on her bed as hard as she could.
Jesse loves trying new things. He saw that a new restaurant had opened, and contacted his friends to join him for dinner that night.
Cameron was a drug addict who had broken into their sister's home in order to fund their habit.
Carson was sitting in Sydney's favorite place because they were to meet for lunch.
Jesse was down on his luck and a bit depressed. It was Aubrey that gave Jesse hope for their future.
Ash used pictures to represent feelings which became very popular.
Taylor drove their friends home that night and had fun on the computer with friends.
Robin enjoyed all of the sights they saw while on their trip to the ocean.
Cameron saved up enough money to retire. They lived their dream life.
Cameron would make fun of Austin at home until Austin decided one day he had enough of it.
Alex had to go to the er after the terrible car accident he suffered.
Ash used pins to represent the places on the map that he wanted to visit.
ash visited her hometown and saw alex years ago.
Austin played a game in the world of Disney and it was great fun.
Lee went home and bought a brand new motorcycle that they wanted.
Aubrey got the details of the new job and moved soon after.
Tracy knew that it was important to stay hydrated throughout the day.
Carson worked very hard so they can win Riley's confidence today.
Aubrey bled profusely after getting her hand cut in the meat slicer.
Quinn felt anxious and wasn't able to sit still in one place.
Bailey scared the hell out of Alex even though they were just trying to be funny.
Addison wanted Skylar's friends to join them for dinner.
Jan put the pillow on the bed and then swept the floor and put away laundry.
Tracy spent time with Sydney's family in order to get to know them better.
Remy tried to help Addison with the tough homework problems.
Austin cleaned Aubrey's garage of all the trash and got a tip for this service.
Ash went to the beach with their family. Ash hated going to the beach.
Carson had too much going on and waited to go back to school.
Taylor put itching powder on Bailey's toothbrush so that his teeth would itch.
Kendall shovelled Austin's driveway and got a nice amount of cash for the service.
Casey watched Ash's children while he was away.
Ash achieved success for the organization and received praise from the board of directors.
Cameron gave the kitten some treats in order to lure it closer.
Tracy met Skylar at the station and Skylar was ready to go home.
Sasha gave the hobo the money so he could get some food.
Alex's souls were upset and it made Alex frustrated. Ash found peace for Alex's souls.
Jan knew better and prevented the teacher from obtaining his cigarette in order to be more healthy.
Kendall cooked potatoes for Riley's family dinner but burned them black.
Remy rehearsed Quinn's lines with them for the play.
Addison walked towards Lee to sit with them at the lunch table.
Carson solve the problem in a smart way after looking it up on on a YouTube video.
Riley pushed Bailey out of the way just before a bicycler came speeding by.
Bailey was trying to get some cereal from on top of the fridge. They took her time to reach it.
Wanting to get away from his home, Quinn went to Las Vegas because he wanted to gamble and party.
Sasha glanced back at Casey so she found out about it.
Riley made fun of Sydney when they sang, despite Sydney's hurt feeling over it.
Sydney wanted to become a dancer and live in London. Jan prevented Sydney from becoming a dancer.
Jan saw that a client had left their wallet on the table. Jan took their wallet and hid it.
Alex felt uncomfortable being so close to a stranger that they didn't know.
Tracy played football with their friends and scored a touchdown.
Kai was on a hike looking for animals and then Kai found a bird.
Remy sat quietly to herself at the table in my coffee shop this morning.
Addison wanted to do well in the contest because there was a bonus.
Quinn came into Jan's mind after not seeing them for a while.
Riley became a father after trying to get their wife pregnant for many years.
Kendall helped to get the fire started. It wasn't easy because the wood was damp.
Jesse got a job at the local hamburger joint for the summer.
Aubrey concentrated hard when someone was talking. Aubrey always listened well.
Lee ran out into the street and rescued Ash's dog from being hit by an oncoming car.
Kendall sprayed it everywhere and put the fire out.
Alex needed a job so Kai gave Alex work to do.
Austin was having a hard time with Jan's death so Austin visited Jan's sister.
Bailey used their wit to control a bad situation.
I'm recreated Addison and illusion after his magic trick at the talent show.
Addison traveled with their family for a fun and relaxing time.
Sydney thought that Jan might be hanging out with the wrong crowd. Sydney spoke with Jan's mother.
Jordan's friend Jan lost their wallet at Jordan's house. Jan asks Jordan to look around and see if the wallet can e found.
Taylor was a hussy.
Alex helped Ash in every way after Ash needed extra funds to cover his late rent balance.
Being in love with Jesse, Alex gave Jesse pleasure.
Kendall closed the door after Sydney left and called the police.
The angel Tracy guards the heavenly gates and brings new souls to their judgment.
Kais tummy hurt so he blew a big one and embarrassed everyone at the table.
It was a long day at work.  Robin finally made it home.
Aubrey sent text messages to everybody to remind them to bring a dish to pass at the party.
Casey used the money to obtain groceries instead of paying for the drugs like she was told.
Lee wanted to make sure that everyone got a chance to join in the game.
Jesse was driving drunk with Kendall in the car. Jesse crashed, causing Kendall to die.
Taylor drove their friends home because the rest were too drunk to drive.
Sydney told Jesse they could do the yard work for a few bucks an hour today.
Lee and Alex had not caught up in a while so Lee text Alex to meet.  They met the next day for breakfast and had a good chat while they ate.
John was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee made enough money to not sweat the occasional unexpected expense.
Bailey went around the corner to see if any dogs were approaching the house.
Taylor left Alex's bike at their house and went back to get it for Alex.
Kai fixed the problem immediately when the pipes at home weren't working.
Sydney gave Carson's life meaning by offering them a stable career throughout their life.
Lee's friend was too intoxicated, so Lee drove them home.
Sasha came by asking about where Jordan was, so Remy sent Sasha to Jordan's room to find him.
Quinn was trying to eat with her hands but Kendall made them use a fork.
Kendall finally asked them to come over for the big game.
Jan took her pills to the doctor which were the wrong pills which worried everyone.
Taylor took Jan's share of the warm cookies and ran off before Jan got there.
Jordan took on water weight in order to meet the wrestling requirements.
Skylar took everyone out to lunch and paid for the first time ever.
Alex had a party at their house. They invited their classmates to the party.
Ash examined Riley closely looking for signs of sickness.
Taylor made Tracy an offer to purchase her car today.
Even though it was scary, Remy knew that Remy needed to tell Austin the truth about who put the dent in Austin's brand new car, so they did.
Addison defended Taylor's stance on the matter because they believed in them.
Riley rubbed against the pole while making eye contact with the audience.
Sydney always watched the children when their parents were away.
Cameron took his friend to Japan because he had never been there before.
Tracy kept their dog away from the baby because they were afraid he would bite her.
Skylar challenged their brother to a soccer match and their brother gladly accepted.
Remy gave Casey a lot of items to sell at the auction site.
Even though he was absent from school due to illness, Bailey sent their homework to the schools with his friend.
Gavin was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall liked the taste of their sandwich. They took another bite.
Carson watched Remy's movements from behind a big tree in the yard.
Bailey didn't make it to class on time but took the test and passed.
Addison made Jordan guess how many jelly beans were in the jar.
Kendall asked their employee Skylar to work overtime.
The test wasn't until next Monday, but Skylar knew he had band practice on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday and a game on Saturday, so he spent Tuesday night studying.
Skylar got comfortable and spent all night asleep asleep in her bed.
Kendall opened the door to Ash so he could carry in the stuff.
Alex is the head of a research and development team.
Quinn made their point on the matter and everybody was in agreement.
Addison sailed her boat after her dad taught her how to.
Jordan was in charge of Cameron's money since he was young. Jordan managed Cameron's finances effectively.
Sydney invited his in-laws over for Thanksgiving and was going to cook.
Quinn gave Bailey the best advice of her life, that she should vaccinate her children.
Carson took care of Aubrey at the hospital bed.
Addison knew someone from the old school.
Addison bound the sticks together to make a craft at school.
Kai called for help but no one showed up to help pull her out.
Kai was screaming and throwing a tantrum because he didn't get a candy bar.
Jesse brought home a stray puppy.
Skylar decided to hire Tracy for a position at their company.
Remy saw a car that she just had to have.
Casey had landed the big role as the love interest in the school play.
Taylor bought a brand new book for her friend at the party event they were having.
Taylor helped Cameron out and raised up Cameron's arms.
Alex gave Quinn some ideas about a report he could do for school.
Casey got robbed on the way home. Casey told Lee the story.
Alex ate pasta the entire day.
Taylor filed Lee's application today because they want to help with Lee's college application.
Kendall decided to move in with their friend Bailey and they got a house.
Riley took one look at the house and knew that it was exactly what they were in the market to buy.
Austin called a panel to consider it and the panel managed to deliberate very effectively.
Addison told Cameron they were an idiot and stormed off to go home.
Addison asked a friend out to a nice dinner on Valentine's Day.
Ash was never the strongest student, but she really tried to increase her intelligence.
Quinn was a detective. Carson gave Quinn evidence.
Quinn overheard her boss speaking in a very seductive way to their secretary but Quinn let on their did not hear anything and decided to stick their head in the sand.
Tracy went their ways that day after everyone in the office avoided them.
Kendall desperately wanted people to come to the big party next weekend at her house.
Bailey is a store manager. Bailey made Taylor physical inventory count after the thanksgiving sale.
Lee received every entry because he was responsible for setting up security for the event.
Tracy looked at all of the options and carefully made their choice.
Kendall took their allowance and lost it while playing at the park.
Remy smoked like a chimney despite repeated warnings from others about the health concerns.
Alex looked at the weather and seen it was cold outside.
Bailey found out that the local fire department lacked funding. Bailey decided to do something about it.
Remy bought a new bed for their room.
Kendall stood up when someone was trying to argue with them.
They both were mutual friends who knew each other from school.
Alex would eventually find peace by retiring a little early and going camping.
Casey and Kai worked together in an office building. Casey went to Kai's office.
Jesse had another baby and needs to figure out how.
Remy harvested cucumbers and peppers from the vegetable garden in their backyard.
After going to a doctor, Remy started feeling a lot better.
Sasha remained quiet throughout the game because they were paying attention but then their team lost.
Robin was shocked when she found out that Aubrey put all Robin's clothes for sale on ebay.
Casey bought a new fan while they were on vacation.
Aubrey saw Kai and her friends when they were broken down on the side of the road.
Austin's family got some pizza for dinner. Austin ate a slice.
Bailey needed to inject medicine so she moved Quinn's lips.
Ash returned to Alex's room with the cool videotapes.
Remy forgot to study for the test last night. Remy expressed her regret loudly.
jordan was a tutor for troubled children and often he mentally planted a seed in their brain.
Quin was preoccupied with their school grades and went the wrong way down a one way street before quickly realized their mistake.
Addison want to start to keep better track of their spending.
Jan threw a glance at the teacher to see that the teacher was not watching them during the test.
Ash asked Casey anything on the subject to see if they were telling the truth about their knowledge but they couldn't answer the questions.
Kendall took Quinn's friends out to the bars to surprise Quinn.
Addison applied Casey's trade to her own work in order to produce more.
Robin practiced and practiced their role, but they were not chosen to be in the school play.
Carson wanted to make sure he did the homework right so he made Jesse look it over.
Ash ate their dinner alone every night at home.
Austin rode a bike on a beautiful mountain range.
Riley talked to Tracy for an hour to make sure they were on the same page.
Bailey baked several dozen cookies and cakes to help Taylor's new bakery.
Kendall began to laugh at the movie even though it was a very sad scene.
ash was protective of her friends so she sent someone to protect their friend.
Cameron did an experiment with his friends where they would go on diets.
Jan played soccer professionally and their team won the championship that year.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction by giving her a raise at her annual review.
Aubrey waved goodbye to her friend and boarded the plane to leave forever.
Bailey drove way too fast around town and it scared everyone.
The back of the worker was completely broken by Jesse at the time.
Sasha threatened everyone in the room with detention if they kept talking.
Sydney went home to study instead of playing games with their friends.
Remy provided Addison a good opportunity to interview for a job at the local power plant.
Wanting to celebrate is birthday, Kendall had a party at Jordan's house.
Jan was spit on by the worker and she slapped them in the face.
Sasha's sibling needed to study from a particular book, so Sasha took their sibling to the library to check it out.
Cameron ran over and was able to get the dog away from all of them.
Jesse was late for work but needed lots done in the house so Jesse wrote instructions on the board for her flatmates to clean and tidy and organise.
Jesse built a treehouse in Addison's back yard after getting home from school.
After studying for 4 years, Carson finally received their diploma with honors.
Austin never wore a hat because it was too hot outside.
Ash was at baseball practice and dusted off their baseball bat.
It was time to take down the tent, so Carson pulled up the stakes.
Jesse found some ways to save money in the business and as a result increased Casey's profits.
Alex won the bet easily because they rigged the game.
Robin was going to loose her family business but found that by reducing deficit by reducing expenditures the business would be able to stay in the family.
Kai cried every morning after her father died.
Quinn made a few assumptions about the new kids that showed up in his class that day.
Cameron found a way and shared it with everyone.
Kendall went to the dance and asked if she could have Alex's number.
Bailey had a disagreement with their wife and in response stopped all the press, much to the dismay of the readership.
Lee paid Robin back after a week of borrowing money.
Sasha was working in Casey's office and getting high pay.
After their girlfriend dumped them, Skylar rejected every person that asked them on a date.
Kai presented a solid case for why they should buy a house soon.
In junior year of high school, Skylar finally joined the basketball team.
Lee had all the secret information about the company. When Lee went to a bar, Lee talked way too much.

Prompt word count: 4.
Tracy met Skylar at the train station when they arrived.
Sasha used their tongue to flick Jesse's tongue during a long make out session.
Sydney and Jan were rivals and Sydney had finally defeated Jan who was the better player.
taylor wanted to explore so she walked in the woods.
Bailey was really skilled at basketball, so Ash suggested Bailey play basketball.
Casey caught big air as he jumped his bike over the ramp.
Kendall increased the wind through the tunnel by reducing the opening.
Jordan headed toward the door. She wasn't happy about the way the meeting had gone.
Carson helped Casey conduct the experiment to find a cure.
Sasha induced foreign matter into the cells to see what would happen.
Alex made Jesse's laws the most important in the country.
At the bonfire, no one knew how to start a fire but Kendall helped get it started.
Austin wants to get a new haircut.  He decided he wanted his hair to look like Kendall's hair.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the recipe when they asked them what they are cooking.
Remy asked Kendall out on a date despite being rejected before by her.
Quinn found a turtle tangled in fishing net and freed the little reptile to save it's life.
When they got mad at their girlfriend, Casey destroyed every item their girlfriend had left at Casey's home.
Alex regained their balance after almost falling off of the tightrope.
Remy carried out Addison's work plans when she was on maternity leave.
Cameron was learning how to skateboard with a group of friends in the park.
Addison ate tacos at the park and got full quickly.
Jess told Cameron to relax after they were worried about class.
Aubrey told the waitress that they were expecting a large number of friends and needed a private room.
Austin packed their car with luggage to be prepared for the trip the next day.
Ash met a new friend. That friend was hopeful for a long friendship.
Cameron gave Casey a drink. He loved helping kids and giving them things.
jesse was a vain person so he got plastic surgery for his average looking face.
Kennedy was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy rounded their neck gently with his arm to comfort them.
Skylar challenged her brother to a race down the hill near their house.
carson went to visit the amazon rain forest 3 years ago and jan finally heard back from carson.
Kai was breaking the bad news to Sydney, and when they started crying, they wiped away their tears.
Robin avenged their father's wrongdoing and helped the police catch him.
Tracy commanded Lee's army in the battle against their enemies.
Austin had a present Alex that he wanted to give her. Austin gave Alex a box.
Austin checked the fridge for any food that will be good to eat that night.
jan did not care about his dreams so she cast his aspirations aside.
Casey came and got their laundry for their mom, who also cooked them dinner.
Austin was bored one night and had nowhere to go. Austin sat on the couch and watched a movie on TV.
Riley treated her teacher to dinner and thought it was a date.
Mindy was loaning out saws so people could do home repairs. Ash borrowed one.
Taylor did whatever Jesse wanted to lure them into a false sense of security.
Jordan could not think of how to best phrase the question. Jordan eventually asked her question.
While everyone else was giving up, Sydney stayed the course.
Bailey broke the camel's back when she tried to ride it.
addison became boxing champion and boxing champions held their title for life.
Quinn took account of Bailey's testimony and used it against the defendant in court.
Bailey helped Sydney with her homework she had for math.
Addison met with Sasha when she got a text saying it was an emergency.
Robin was trying to keep it private, but Austin made Robin's analysis known.
Kai had a good connection with Sydney as time went on.
Riley ran toward Remy who was waiting with open arms.
Sklar is picking up their nephews to drive them to a new sports outlet.
Addison disobeyed the rules then went anyway.
Sydney kept Lee apart from the family that was fighting by him.
Bailey returned to their classroom after going to the bathroom for awhile.
Carson was an inspirational speaker who spoke at my college one time, and Carson changed my life forever.
Sydney was treated like dirt after she was late again for family dinner.
Skylar went around Taylor to get to the drinking fountain.
carson was a reasonable person so he placed the problem in perspective.
After days of search, Kai finally found one for sale at the store in the city.
Alex wrote Lee's essay and the teacher found out.
Kai had a dog named Sasha and they like to take good care of it.
Quinn loved Bailey dearly but realized she left Bailey at the gas station.
Kendall's friend was shopping for a new computer and wasn't sure about the choices. Kendall persuaded her friend to buy it.
Robin finally landed at the airport after a delay and their flight.
remy was a kind person so he returned the dog to his family.
When he came back from his business trip, Kendall realized he'd missed their anniversary. Kendall gave Robin flowers.
Remy bought the boat as a present for their son's graduation from college.
Taylor cut a long story short so she could go shopping.
Cameron was a worker on a construction crew that was building a house.
Sasha went higher. in the big house her friend.
Jordan called Jan's daughter to see if she knew where his daughter was.
skylar always was prepared so she made sure to bring money to the zoo.
Addison heard about the multi car pileup on the freeway and worried until she found her family at home safe.
Ash cooked dinner for his girlfriend so do something nice for them.
Sydney's car broke down and she called Skylar's towing for a tow.
Alex entered his father's office to ask a difficult, yet important, question.
Austin wouldn't let Jan drive drunk so he guided Jan's car into the driveway carefully.
Alex pushed Quinn's work the right way which made sure that she would become a success.
Skylar was at the store with her mom trying to find some back to school clothes.
Due to her wanting to raise and pay for them, Sasha decided to save her mother's babies.
kendall heard it was tracy's friends birthday so she surprised tracy's friend with a gift.
Taylor said that they wanted to get a cat for Kai's birthday.
Austin was so happy to be at the lake that he floated with Bailey's boat.
Casey delivered a very important and private message to Ash's mother.
Jesse was having fun flying his kite in the park. Lee took Jesse's kite from him.
Jordan left Remy nothing. Remy was not happy about it and was determined to let Jordan know.
After surprisingly winning the mega millions lottery, Alex had much money.
Aubrey bent the truth in order to protect the others.
Tracy went nowhere for vacation this year and stayed home to relieve stress instead.
Carson was rushed to the hospital. He felt he may be having a heart attack.
Riley wanted to go to the park, but Jan was sick and couldn't, so Jan made Riley object to the idea of going out at all.
Alex shook Carson's hand slowly when they met for the first time at work.
Remy liked Alex and asked him out to a dance that was coming up.
Cameron provided aide to families that were suffering the effects of an earthquake while others donated.
Robin asked Sasha for help with a math problem and Sasha went over to Robin to help.
Taylor learn Japanese after he went to Japan for a year.
Ash sent their friend to the store for supplies to make a birthday cake for the party.
Quinn waited almost 20 minutes on the phone to book their hotel room. Quinn went through hell getting the reservation.
Kendall threw scraps of food to the stray dogs.
Aubrey was at work and finished serving peoples breakfast.
Quinn met a new man at work and they both worked on projects for years.
Sasha introduced liquid into the cells as part of a science experiment.
Sydney left Austin's room after she beat him up and he was crying.
Addison kept their place neat and tidy.
Cameron's neighbor wasn't answering the door, so Cameron climbed the neighbor's fence.
Kendall taught Alex;s dog tricks on that sunny afternoon in July.
Alex found a dream house in downtown San Francisco with hardwood floors, a professionally equipped kitchen and backyard pool. At $5 million, it was well under Alex's planned budget.
Jesse pleased Lee's father and was ultimately rewarded for the kindness.
Austin told Alex he had a surprise and he gave her a box with a ring inside.
Quin wanted to get some ice cream so he took his sister with him.
Kai got Jesse and his parents together after a long time of dispute.
Quinn was located in the Sydney area when a wildfire burned down their house.
Skylar continued to work hard at his hobby he could not wait to finish restoring his 51 chevy.
Bailey expressed his opinion when the others begged him to.
Carson solved the puzzle in an efficient way after long hours of deliberation.
Sydney never learned to cook and depended on others at home for food.
Sasha regained their health after having a cold for a few days.
Skylar was expecting her first child and Addison was going to be with her for the delivery.
Quinn heard his friends talking about him.  Quinn often got offended by what they said.
Austin was invited by an ex to a party at the weekend but Austin was trying to avoid the ex so didnt go.
Ash painted Jordan's picture and then had it framed for his birthday.
Alex provided hope to the people through sheer courage and positive inspiration.
Casey spent the day together with her parents before she had to go back to college.
Bailey offered to gather the guests coats and put them in the coat room.
Cameron divided the teams into classes but one team was clearly better than the other.
Lee drove home to Casey's house to drop him off that night.
sasha built a fence to keep everyone out of their yard and away from their house.
Skylar got bored on a Saturday afternoon and decided to go out. Skylar went shopping at the mall.
Carson had asked Sasha on a date and wanted an answer. Sasha gave Carson a answer but wasn't happy.
Sydney made Cameron's diagnosis about the problem at work.
Sydney set up computer systems at their work place.
Carson was up all night studying for the big test. Carson went to class and took their exam.
Sydney didn't like to be around their alcoholic family. Sydney kept Lee apart from family.
Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner after he broke his hand in a boating accident.
Sasha downloaded the app and played the game all the time.
Kendall had errands to run and went a bunch of places yesterday.
Kai turned their lights on at night so they could see better.
Sasha gave their baby up for adoption since she was too poor to raise a new child.
Taylor saved the patients tooth after he thought he might want to see it.
Lee reached over and stuck it in Casey's back pocket.
Quinn dropped the anchor off the boat but it broke off and they drifted out to sea and were lost for weeks.
Tracy was having a dinner party and after preparing the food, she placed the silverware on the table in preparation for their family coming.
Jan went with their friend to the movies and had a nice time.
Austin accidentally made a mistake and spilled their drink.
Despite her family's objections, Bailey gave medicine to her son.
Kai built Carson's nest and knew that he would appreciate it.
Remy hurt Quinns feelings when he told her she needs to lose weight.
Tracy made breakfast for their family and it was a giant meal that was really good.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a smile when she noticed it swinging at the park playground.
Cameron put the tree outside in the backyard then later he planted in beside the flower bed.
Bailey built a home for her new family and they loved it a lot.
Tracy urged Robin to join in the game to have a little fun that day.
riley was annoyed so he pushed casey's fingers away.
Tracy went home for the holidays instead of spending it with her friends.
Carson served every guest at the table and sat down.
Sasha told their friend that they wanted to learn how to dance.
Bailey was a natural health doctor, so they advised Quinn to take medicine.
Jesse had two tickets to the concert. Jesse invited Skylar to come.
Ash expressed Kai's concerns about the bears in the area, clearly to everyone. They hope everyone heeds their warnings.
Jesse pressed Alex's lips to theirs after Alex seemed to be sending signals to do so.
Even though they had serious insomnia issues and there was an brass band outside their window, Ash tried to fall asleep.
Syndey had gotten older since the boys saw her three years ago and she was gorgeous and turned heads.
Quinn nodded their head with a simle in agreement after a long discussion.
Sasha gave Aubrey a bad look because she was rude.
Aubrey finally went to bed after his mom yelled at him to get off the game.
Kai was going to a party and spent time getting ready.
Remy needed to tell Austin the truth so he called him and asked him over.
Alex saw his sister not feeling well and took her to the car to go home.
Bailey went to the office and had their son looked at by a professional to see if he was sick.
Quinn was trying to get Remy to talk. Quinn demanded that Remy answer but just sat there.
Jesse needed help with homework and Robin would help them under one condition.
Jordan felt Jan's fingers and gripped them tightly with fear in their eyes.
Quinn drove too fast on the empty street and almost ran over a cat.
Sasha moved towards the door in a stealth like manner.
Jesse took my girlfriend home with him when she was afraid to go home alone.
Kendall bought a new truck after their old one had broken down.
Sydney was grounded for a month for crashing her mom's car into the gate.
Taylor made Tracy another offer that was much better than the previous one.
Kendall knew that his family was counting on him to earn money.
Kendall wanted Casey to lose weight and decided to change Casey's diet.
Jonny asked Quinn a personal question that offended her badly.
Ash was walking home from school, Ash went home the long way.
Casey finally got to ride a camel and ended up breaking its back.
Quinn texted their husband that night to check on him.
Lee was taken to the hospital but still found time to tell his children a bed time story over the phone.
Austin got full at dinner because the food was so delicious.
Aubrey was promptly fired after she was caught stealing office supplies.
Carson noticed the lady was smoking while holding the baby, so Carson pulled the baby away.
Even though Sydney was very frustrated, Jan prevented Sydney from becoming angry with a hug.
Alex got a car for their birthday after being promised one if they made the honor roll.
Riley decided to follow his passion.
Carson was in gym class with a group of people and was working hard.
ash wanted to support her friend so she suggested bailey's play.
Riley spelled their name out correctly after the teacher asked them to write it down.
Quinn was hit by a drunk driver who caused major damage to their car. Quinn brought their car to a mechanic.
Quinn spoke Sasha's language with a foreign accept they couldn't quite place.
Robin scratched their head after Quinn said something kind of silly.
Jan was called to duty to ensure that justice was served for the kingdom.
Jesse supported Tracy's cause even though he didn't agree with it.
according t the article Quinn gave Riley an education.
Skylar kept Remy's commandments, because they honored Remy as the boss.
Tracy was invited to a birthday party and gave Carson's baby a toy.
cameron was annoying and mean so she would make fun of austin at school.
Casey set Remy's papers in order based on the date that they were published.
Carson competed against others in the school talent show. Carson won the talent show.
Addison came toward Lee and threatened to fight him.
Casey invited Aubrey to be the maid of honor at their wedding. Aubrey wasn't sure, but Casey asked Aubrey to accept.
jordan wanted to be a great baseball player so he spent more time practicing baseball.
Sydney slow danced with Robin, and kissed Robin's lips.
Aubrey involved everyone in their group in their group project.
Carson wanted to conquer their fear of needles. Carson got their ears pierced.
Robin sent the order back, after finding hair mix in with their salad.
Jordan planted a nice flower in her brand new garden that she made.
Austin drove to the next down over during the night. Austin got home safely.
Riley went online and entered the chat room with their friends.
Ash sent their son to the store alone for the first time to pick up ingredients for dinner.
Alex took his leave for school and went to the movies to watch a big blockbuster.
Kai needed to use the bathroom so she excused herself before leaving the table.
Aubrey brought their car to the dealer and asked them if there was a way for them to fix it.
Riley stared at Sasha with lustful eyes when he took his shirt off to jump into the pond.
Aubrey went to see a doctor when she was getting a cold.
Lee had been gathering up his courage for weeks to talk to the cute new girl in his class.
Taylor said Bailey would always remember this day as it will be special.
Skylar locked Carson's keys in Aubrey's car and they could not get back in.
Carson started dating Aubrey only after getting to know her well.
Lee got into their stride and got a lot accomplished.
Cameron was handed his neighbors' mail so he delivered it to them.
Cameron's family was struggling financially so Jan helped Cameron's family.
Jordan brought their arse to an anchor while they were sailing on a boat.
Sydney wanted to learn to read so Addison decided to teach them.
sasha was rude so she extended skylar's seats at her expense.
jesse was bored so he watered alex's lawn for him.
Remy got Taylor's bearings together because Taylor couldn't stay calm in a tough situation.
Aubrey dwelt together with Addison and they had good times sharing stories.
Bailey made Taylor do an inventory count of the items in the store.
Carson threw a bone to the dog because the dog caught the ball.
Kendall arrived early to the party to help out. Kendall helped to get the party started.
It was a tense and uncomfortable meeting but Austin broke the ice by telling a joke.
Jesse brought Tracy along to the party even though she didn't want to go.
Cameron believed Ash's hazel eyes even though there wasn't any direct evidence for the fact.
Alex knew his parents had wanted to be remembered so he wrote their memoirs after their death.
sasha had worked hard all her life and finally became a model today.
It was time to get ready for school, but Kai was nowhere to be found.
Carson finished what she wanted to do.
Kendall drove home one night to find her place had been broked into.
Skylar slipped on the wet floor and fell.
according to the article Alex baited their hook.
Ash helped Casey sell his house.
Addison sat down in front of Austin and demanded their full attention for the coming conversation.
Ash made the same mistake as Sydney on the math homework.
Sydney played catch with their dad and they were getting ready to eat with the family.
Austin rung the doorbell at Kendall's house then asked if Kendall could play.
quinn was a trickster and figured out how to outsmart skylar and her dog in the process.
Ash sent their daughter to the store to get everyone some milk.
Carson was going down to the park to play some ball. Carson invited Bailey's friend Addison.
Alex always left early from every single event he attended.
Kendall gave us a headache because she was banging pots.
Lee wanted a refill on his sweet tea so Lee flipped his lid.
Alex helped Austin make progress with their chores at home.
Robin called the authorities when he noticed the robbery beside the hostel.
Riley stared at Sasha with timid eyes because she was afraid to ask for a bite of icecream.
remy was a gambler from the old school so he made a bet.
Remy was a great chef at the restaurant they worked at.
Casey changed Alex's attitudes after explaining things to him.
Ash held Jordan's gaze from across the room.
skylar only knew how to say the same thing again so she preached to the choir.
Taylor took it easy even though he had a big track meet coming up next week.
It was halloween and Taylor was waiting by the door to give out candy. When Carson came, Taylor gave them a treat.
Aubrey took Cameron's books home for him when he stayed after school.
Jesse sat near Cameron in class and they had to try not to talk.
Lee couldn't find their skateboard. When they arrived at the skate park, they found that their sister Quinn had taken it.
Ash was going in for his interview this afternoon. Ash made a good impression on the manager.
Taylor opened Ash's door to help Ash into the car.
Sasha found a robin's nest with beautiful blue eggs, and incubated them under a heat lamp until they hatched.
Jordan scored the winning goal much to the dismay of the opponents on the field.
Ash received a job offer after having a great interview with the company.
Jan would play chess every day in order to prepare for the compettion.
Ash was falling behind in his classes and wanted to do better.
The couple were in the middle of a messy divorce so they hired Taylor as an arbitrator, and Taylor defined the agreement in terms that were agreeable to both sides.
Carson went to the store and got some items that were there.
Riley has been meek and allowed people to walk all over them. Riley has enough and tells the person off.
Ash examined Riley closely after they made a silly joke.
Alex told Sydney that she needed to step down as the class President.
After Austin stayed out all night drinking again, Sydney read Austin the riot act.
Robin took their order to the counter and waited for it to be filled.
Tracy wanted somewhere to relax away from home, so they built a cabin in the woods by a lake.
Robin and her boyfriend have an on again off again affair; Robin just got back together with him.
Carson joined another cult, and moved to another country.
Ash wash the dogs dirty towel and put it in the washer and dryer.
Taylor had a low fuel warning and bare tires but pursued the race farther in order to be standing on the winner's podium.
Ash's child was turning one, so Ash wanted to make a cake for their birthday.
Lee wasn't happy with the way the speech turned out. Lee gave their speech a rewrite.
Robin provided Austin's class with a new environment to learn in.
Quinn walked on the wet floor after it had been cleaned and slipped on the shiny linoleum.
Bailey saw everyone from her school at the party that day.
Sydney used to be an ugly girl, but eventually turned out really well as if the ugly duckling.
Sydney cared deeply about all the people involved in the situation, but could only save one, and Sydney loved their sister more.
Taylor offered Ash an opportunity to work for them at their work.
After allowing the students to play 10 minutes longer for recess,  Tracy called the class back in.
Taylor went to the dentist for the first time to get checked up on.
Lee want to see Addison at home and had to take care of the dog too.
Ash cleaned the tank for once without being asked.
jordan was on his way back home but he decided to wound around jesse's way.
jordan needed to go to a wedding so he bought a new suit.
Jan felt smothered in her relationship so she asked for some space.
Austin gathered jordan's friends together to tell them about the surprise party details.
addison needed something done secretly so he exposed the person to a number.
Alex designed Robin's experiment and then Robin entered it into the competition.
Aubrey recently visited the zoo to do research for a project.
Alex liked Cameron so they took them out on a date together.
Austin wanted Kendall's hair cut so that Kendall would be presentable for the party.
Jesse was disabled and unable to leave their bed Kendall was a big support to Jesse for everything, inface Kendall maintained Jesse's existance.
Kendall is a new musician performing for the first time. Kendall performed the song on their listeners' behalf.
When their mother asked for help in the kitchen, Alex quickly opened the jar.
Kendall was too shy to ask Aubrey on their own.
Robin kept their stuff together so the others would be ready to go when it was time.
Alex increased their power by 200% and got a lot stronger than others.
Tracy carried a tune all day and night into the next day.
Jan set the plan in motion, certain she would succeed.
Aubrey sat at a table waiting for service for 45 minutes. She eventually left.
Jesse called Carson's friend and asked for advice on how to surprise Carson.
Taylor was getting scared but built up the courage and explored the dark basement anyway.
Ash held back tears while a tattoo artist applied a new tattoo.
Taylor cut Casey's arm on accident when they were playing.
Kai had a crush on Riley, so they asked Riley to prom.
Sydney bleached their hair after they told her they wanted it to be blond.
Taylor will probably think about it first but will definitely do that.
robin needed to see her dying parents so she flew home.
Alex was simply another kid on the outside, but secretly wanted to punch people.
Bailey was really good at sports. He wanted to try out for some teams. Bailey ended up joining the football team.
Tracy jumped to Alex's feet in order to scare them for laughs.
Aubrey was proud that she has taught her children since preschool.  She feels satisfied that her children are well prepared.
Bailey heard something and went to see what it was immediately.
Kai always played ball to burn calories after lunch.
Jan and Lee had been married for 10 years. One day, Jan found Lee's smartphone was filled with someone's naked photos.  Jan accused Lee of cheating.
kendall was a nice person so she took all the children to the museum.
Carson lived a mile away and had to walk all the way back from school by himself.
Remy carried out Addison's work in their place after their untimely death that spring.
Jordan loved spending time with their and Carson's friends.
Austin cut Quinn's hand. it was an accident but it made Austin feel bad.
Alex wanted a game and their parents wouldn't buy it, so Alex wanted to make money.
Jan went to the bank and took some money out of her account.
Jan visited Robin's parents on her behalf when Robin was busy with work.
Sasha divided a jigsaw puzzle into different piles by color of the pieces.
Carson put some pain on the car of their friend and they got mad.
Casey got another girlfriend after being single for years.
Jan blinked several times after she heard what her brother said.
Alex decide that they would start going to the church down the street.
After spending 2 weeks in a hospital after the car crash, Kai finally came back.
Quinn inclined Ash's head downward to draw their attention to the bird.
Jesse kept their eyes on the prize when they were working for a car.
Remy sent word to Tracy. They were finally fabulously rich.
Austin put Kendall and teresa to the war as Austin wanted to be best friends with both of them.
Carson met his sister at the car in order to get his food.
Kendall, Aubrey's boyfriend, wanted to quit school and go to work at a department store in his home town.
Carson was heading to the movie theater to see the latest movie. Carson invited Bailey's friend Addison as well.
Lee gave Cameron a hard time for his mistake he made.
Lee talked to their boss about how others weren't working hard and that they were coming in late.
Quinn gave Alex their baseball cap to wear on his head.
Bailey promised she would make up the tests she missed.
Robin took anything she wanted and used that stuff to give to charity.
Sasha studied all night for a chemistry test. They made an A on the test.
Jesse told Ash she was coming yesterday but then did not show up.
Austin leaved in a huff of rage after they were beat in the video game competition.
Tracy met Skylar in a bondage domination submission bar.
Wanting to get in better overall shape, Addison ran 5 miles.
Riley gave Casey a report on the project because she wanted Casey to know what was going on.
Riley gave the room a makeover after the hurricane damaged her house.
carson got jesse to help ash so ash thanked carson for jesse's help.
Skylar was at the car and Sasha ordered Skylar's food for them.
Austin gave Remy's hand to the woman who was a fortune teller.
Since Riley wanted to expand the group, Riley established outposts in new areas.
Riley grabbed his food and left because they wanted to go eat somewhere else.
Skylar got pizza for lunch and shared it with her classmates.
Austin did not have any cash to give to the man. So he got some from the ATM and gave the man a dollar.
Kendall bought the very last tickets that were available for the show.
Aubrey had a sore neck so Riley rubbed the back of their neck.
Bailey joined forces will the team to help them succeed.
Austin had been waiting in line for Black Friday. When the doors opened, Austin rolled his cart into the aisles.
Sasha gave Lee experience with writing long essays.
Carson gave his friend a hand with building a new addition onto the house.
Austin is a hair stylist who takes care of people's hair.
After inquiring with Kai about their friend, Aubrey saw Kai's friend.
Ash decided to quit and get another job somewhere else.
Carson was the best person to invite to fundraisers, because Carson supported every cause. He had a lot of money.
Lee was expecting a baby so she painted the nursery and bought a crib.
Kendall got a new phone.  The phone had not been activated.
Kendall purchased clothes online for an upcoming vacation.
Robin hightailed it out of there after he realized the vote was not in his favor.
Cameron switched the book covers because it didn't look right.
Jordan decided to help Sasha out after considering whether it was worth it or not.
Taylor started to learn karate after signing up at his local karate school taught by a fifth degree black belt.
Remy made a huge difference in the season and was crowned the MVP of the league.
Skylar was so good at dancing that she was able to turn it into a career.
Sasha drove his mom to the hospital because there was no ambulance to drive them there.
Alex led his family to Christ so that they would all be saved from their sins.
Taylor took it to the vet because it was sick at home.
Tracy met Taylor's parents and they announced their engagement over dinner.
Skylar felt sleepy from all the hard work she was doing earlier.
skylar was a great picture maker so she developed another picture.
Sydney protected Remy's interests from the other business by giving a big raise.
Jan controlled Aubrey's life. Jan was a terrible person.
Austin ran his fingers through Bailey's hair and she leaned in to kiss him.
Bailey persuaded her friend to go on a date with her crush.
Sasha was in first place at the race, but because she broke her leg Sasha would no longer be able to compete.
Aubrey had to buy a certain type of food so she made a special trip.
Alex's mother asked them to clean the entire house while she was away. Alex cleaned their bathroom.
Bailey had the have the latest iphone, so despite the old phone being a few months old, she purchase a new one.
Carson always wanted to play in front of an audience, so they learned to play the piano and played in a recital to great applause.
Jesse went out last week to go to the movies with a friend.
Sasha left a tip. She realized after a while that she had left too little.
Sydney and Lee had went thru a bad separation, so Sydney kept Lee apart from the family.
Jesse wrote instructions on the board for the class.
Riley dipped Austin's head in the pool as a big practical joke on Austin.
Cameron noticed Quinn having some troubles making friends with other. Cameron decided it was time to get Quinn a couple words of advice.
It was Sasha's favorite song playing and Lee asked Sasha to dance.
Sasha took Taylor's piece of the cake by accident, but did not eat it yet.
Jesse found a replacement battery for his old car at the store.
Casey was quite an expensive child and Casey cost Jan some dollars.
Addison got all of the ingredients and took them home.
Jesse didn't want to go, so he told his mom that Sasha was feeling sick, she had the flu.
Addison was voted class president by the majority of the school body.
Austin was embarrassed by his mistake and turned Quinn away.
Alex saw a tiger at the zoo and realized they had never seen a tiger before.
Kendall changed Casey's diet and bought different food for Casey to eat.
Quinn sent Cameron flowers at her job on her birthday.
Casey will hoping that using the Austin, TX procedure would be a big success and she would win first place, but it failed.
Lee was going to be home late that night so he gave Remy the key to let himself in.
Remy was not expected to be home for Christmas. Remy surprised her parents.
Bailey located a good organization to participate in and joined forces with the group of volunteers.
Quinn attended to their business and successfully made a deal with their clients.
Lee jumped back into the River after he got his beer.
Taylor needed to recruit someone as a spy. Taylor fixed upon Bailey.
Kendall bought Taylor a ticket to Disneyland on her birthday.
Jordan grew crops which he then produced annually after much laboring.
Carson decided to assist Casey in making the dress, so she could wear it to their party.
Sydney tried to help out at work and increased their productivity.
They kept it long ago so it wouldn't get eaten in the wild because it was albino.
Addison helped their family out of poverty while Addison's other peers couldn't help themselves.
Alex put their things outside so that they could pick them up after she left.
Ash gave Addison the appearance of virtue. In reality they were quite wicked.
Cameron put Robin's hand away as things would have gotten out of control.
Jordan bound Robin's hands together with duct tape and told them they were under citizen's arrest.
Remy asked Robin's husband for money since they needed help.
according to the article Aubrey gave her resignation.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck when they sat down in the dark room.
Bailey went to the store and got some items for her home.
Skylar made Addison carry out an experiment in the lab that involved feeding mice some old cheese.
Aubrey was out with their friends at a new restaurant.  Aubrey was a vegan so they asked the waitress for vegan options on the menu.
Alex used eyes to express their feelings and then they went to the prom to dance.
Kendall brought their car after their friends called and asked for a ride.
Cameron persuaded the person to give him money for his medical bills he couldn't afford.
Lee decided to go out and give their time out to a charity.
Bailey effectively treated the rare illness in patients and cured them of the previously fatal ailment.
When Hannah came around with her flu, Lee got sick too.
Kai spends the afternoon talking with Sasha about Sasha's problems. After their talk Sasha is in much better spirits.
Austin gave the royal treatment to his guests after they came to visit last week.
Skylar said something to Ash after Ash made a silly face.
Riley asked Casey's questions for her when Casey was out sick.
Jesse was helping a friend with their math homework. Jesse's friend couldn't figure out what was wrong, but Jesse saw what the problem was.
Jan acquired Skylar's interest after she introduced it to her one weekend.
Sydney worked well in business school to get a better grant so she can keep going to school.
Taylor raised an issue with Sydney about her lack of cleanliness.
robin was a very sweet lady so she cut my hair for free.
Remy fed the fish because they were alone all week.
Austin called Casey's dad to see if Casey could play.
Austin knew the ring was expensive and saved up enough money to purchase it.
Alex was making dinner for his mother every day of the week.
Tracy played a fun game with friends and had a great time.
Kai played a game with their friend and they had a fun time.
Robin was dating for a year, before he decided to become a priest and be celibate.
Carson made progress on his popsicle stick bridge for school.
Robin told Bailey that they wanted to be friends with them.
Austin does not give Remy the time of day and heads home to study.
Remy was home alone again and so he prepared another small meal.
After having been bedridden for months after a car accident, Jesse took their first steps today.
Jesse took over the duties and managed Carson's affair in Carson's specifically requested way.
Riley crossed Jan's palm with a marker during a friendship ritual.
Austin was on a date. They kissed Bailey quickly.
Addison uses muscle power to move the new furniture into the room.
Taylor and Quinn grew close together and began a friendship.
Robin left a fortune 500 company to pursue her dreams of becoming an artist.
Casey recognized that she was in over her head with her new job. She asked for assistance.
Sasha called Tracy forth to receive the award.
Carson had a  lot of homework that night but was able to complete it.
Austin tried to get good grades and Austin had reached their goals.
Tracy headed towards Austin because she noticed that 2 men were following her around the store.
Carson "went hard or go home" when he went to his first track meet.
Lee held Addison's teddy bear close during the scary movie.
Bailey loved Aubrey's job so they tried to get Aubrey fired by blaming them for things.
Aubrey was a difficult person so no one knew if they should introduce her or if she suited one's friend.
Carson stood with Addison's back as they were going through challenging times.
Skylar lost Kai's power tools after borrowing them for a weekend DIY project.
Austin was getting sad because none of the children in his new school had asked him to play at recess since he started.
Cameron couldn't clear their yard on their own and asked their neighbors for assistance.
Sydney likes to buy gifts for her friends and family and donate the money left over.
Austin was ready to play the game because they practiced every day for months in preparation.
Aubrey beat Quinn's brains out because they were offended by the way Quinn acted.
Remy painted her home red and blue and loved the new color it had.
Tracy resigned their position at the company because he found better paying job closer to his house.
robin was scared in her house so she called the authorities.
bailey was in a bad mood so she pushed tracy's arm away.
Carson's hair was caressed as they ran Lee's hand throughout their hair.
Taylor had wanted to go shopping all week when her mother agreed that she would take her.
Austin had their hair cut exactly like Aubrey's hair was cut at the salon.
Quinn was completely falling apart after the break up.
Ash needed something at the grocery store.
Lee loved to swim so much he tried to do it everyday.
Cameron found the kitten outside all dirty. Cameron gave the kitten a nice bath.
Kendall sent Kai away to the summer camp for a week.
Jan wiped Austin's eyes and told him everything would be ok.
Ash kissed Austin on the forehead after Austin helped him win the game.
Riley was looking for a particular hair product. She visited a nearby store but didn't find what she was looking for. Riley left the store in search of another retail store. She believes that another store has the product.
Quinn inclined Ash's head after she saw Ash choking.
Riley told me that my husban, Jan, wanted a computer for his upcoming birthday.
Remy loved the outdoors and named on her plants. She just named the lilly outside her window.
Aubrey worked even harder and Aubrey finally got the promotion at work.
Aubrey didn't know which fruit to pick so she started picking oranges at random.
Sydney fed her dog a new kind of food after the dog threw up.
Robin drove Skylar's truck without a license and crashed it into a building.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner, but had no intention whatsoever of sleeping with them.
Austin rode Jesse's bike to work without asking his permission.
Kai gave financial aid to Quinn's grandmother because she was struggling with her retirement.
Robins family had a lot to do and Robin decided they would help.
Taylor was trained so well that he successfully saved the patient's life during the operation.
Since the charity was almost drawing to a close, Riley persuaded them to give generously for the rest of the night.
Bailey accepted one's hand into the business deal that will make them rich.
Jesse just had to let Kendall know that he knew about her heart.
Skylar felt confident today and went to work singing a tune.
Riley had a flat so Tracy fixed Riley's flat tyre so Riley could go to work.
Quinn is learning to cook but is still a novice so they ask for Alex to help cook dinner.
Tracy went to a party with Lee and their's friends and had fun.
Austin's family has always supported them so he has decided to make their fortunes.
Austin showed Bailey kindness, having gone through a similar situation years ago themselves.
In typical cult fashion, Aubrey cut their throat according to the person of the cloth's direct orders.
Cameron and Austin became actors and lived in Hollywood together.
While driving in the blizzard on the way to the hospital, Sasha lost control of the car.
Sasha got Alex's wallet back after looking for and finding the thief.
Aubrey worked even harder at their goal of learning to sing.
Skylar's car was due it yearly MOT test so Addision checked the car for any problems so that it would hopefully pass first time.
Kendall raised their arm and their teacher Skylar let them answer the question.
Addison ran past Jan when they had the ball to try and score some points.
Scarlett was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse covered his friend with snow as they were playing with each other outside.
While waiting for the cab to take him to his new life, Lee petted the cat.
Taylor went swimming with friends at the beast, and had a great time splashing around.
Lee painted my nails and blew on them until they were dry.
Quinn wanted to lose weight before his honeymoon so he ate a salad every day for six months.
sydney made a list of pros and cons and changed tracys mind.
Austin looked Sydney straight in the eye as he lied in order to make the lie more convincing.
Bailey cost Skylar nothing and gave them everything in return.
Quinn gave no trouble to their boss after receiving a difficult project.
Kai lived with their sister in an apartment until Kai was able to afford to move out.
Jesse told Ash her problem yesterday to her friend who was listening intently.
Kendall heard strange noises and to the back yard to chek what was going on and saw a black cat.
Lee gave Alex's hand a kiss. They have been dating for a while.
Kai gave Lee credit for a project that Lee worked really hard on.
Quinn attended their business needs. They wanted their organization to succeed.
Skylar took Riley for some action.
Kai has been going on a few dates and it is going well.
Casey put in motion the plan that day and hoped it would bear fruit.
Carson had lived his whole life in Florida and now has moved to another state.
Robin filled his pipe with tobacco and tamped it down carefully.
Aubrey sent her transcript to the school with her essay and application.
Austin built Quinn a house out of bricks that took a year to make.
Bailey pushed the boat out.  They were ready to sail.
Robin told my parents that we were dating for a couple weeks.
Aubrey shared a meal with Kendall's friend because Kendall's friend forgot her lunch at home.
Riley told everyone Jan was pregnant without their permission to do so.
Cameron provided orange juice to the children playing in their first soccer match.
Addison did something special for Riley and got them a gift.
While competing in a streaming marathon for charity, Skylar played games all day.
remy was a stand up person so he showed alex's dog lots of love.
Sydney shooed it away quickly to get away from the big and scary bear.
Sydney embraced the grasp of the muscular hug and returned the affection readily.
Austin was helping Carson and Austin had to so something then went back to Carson.
Jordan pushed them away from Skylar after they were dangerous.
Robin frightened the burglar away and he ran for his life while Robin chased him.
Sasha saw Carson's face in the window next to her.
Jordan worked from home to support her family.
Ash acknowledged all the help they'd received by thanking the helpers for their work.
Austin arrived to work every day on time because they cared about their job.
Casey played Ash's role because Ash was not feeling well today.
Riley started her first job after she graduated from high school.
Bailey backed Ash's car over by going in reverse and not looking behind him.
Kai saw the country on his vacation.
Bailey is the spouse of a farmer, so she has a big garden.
Tracey began acting erratically and seemed like they might start hurting others. Skylar had to use force to subdue Tracy but accidentally hurt them.
Cameron ate Italian food all night instead of studying for the exam tomorrow.
Quinn did God's work until one day her village burned down.
Taylor showed Casey the path because she wanted Casey to succeed.
Carson licked my face when I got frosting all over it.
Taylor appointed another person to the chair before retiring.
Jan put Quinn's money away before anyone could see it.
Everyone else talked about the subject at length, but Jesse said one thing.
Ash decided to be helpful and assisted Kai in arranging things in order.
Jesse was a hired entertainer for Alex's birthday party so Alex made Jesse do an impression of a celebrity.
The trash had been accumulating all week. Aubrey took the trash to the dumpster.
i wanted to be a good parent so i punished sasha, and she learned my lesson.
Casey wanted to get rid of Ash so she was rude to him until he did.
After breaking up after a lengthy relationship, Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip.
Sasha expected company this evening so they prepared snacks for everybody.
Lee and Jesse were engaged in a spirited debate about their project.
Aubrey paid rent on time so she would not get a fee.
Sasha was mad at the comments someone told her.
Kai reminded Sydney of something that she saw at the mall yesterday.
jesse was a considerate person so he baked a cake for tracy.
Sasha gave Robin the address to the pizza place they were going to.
Quinn tried really hard to not scratch the bumps on his arm, but he couldn't stop.
Jan asked Sasha to shut her mouth when she was interrupting her sleep.
At lunchtime, Quinn still had a lot of work to do, so they put money into the vending machine and got a sandwich instead of going out to eat.
Sydney's car was broken.  Sydney walked all the way to school.
Ash was a psychiatrist who specialized in treating women who had phobias.
Taylor got ready for the date and made sure to be on time.
Aubrey was minding their nieces and nephews and with an organised schedule and lots of practice Aubrey had a handle on things.
Riley raced their friend with the others looking on.
Casey was out of town the day of the meeting. Riley wanted to help so she asked Casey's questions at the meeting.
Quinn spent many years securing her position at her job.
Quinn stuck his head in the sand because the situation was getting out of hand that day.
Casey met the patient's family and answered all of their questions before the surgery.
Kendall whispered Casey's name to the announcer of the game.
Jan's boyfriend was in a college three thousand miles away from home.
Casey was very upset about failing their college final. Carson rubbed Casey's back.
Cameron brought their family to the mall so that they could go christmas shopping together.
Remy was at a friend's house and they were making strawberry pancakes, they offered Remy some.  Remy had never tried strawberry pancakes.
Casey asked all their friends if they wanted to hang out after school and they all declined.
Addison gave their support for Sasha's position in the debate, even though it was an unpopular one.
A mother asked Sasha if she would hold her place in line so she could go to the restroom, and Sasha agreed.
Remy was attending a very important lecture on Finance which was on her exam. Remy took notes to make sure she remembered.
Casey published Skylar's work as if it were their own but Skylar found out.
Skylar's friend's girlfriend was coming over so he cooked dinner for her.
Quinn showed Carson everything after realizing that the workload was too much for them.
Riley watched sports on the TV over the bar downtown.
Ash wanted to play catch so they played with their dog.
Austin told Addison everything that was going on and asked if she could help.
Quinn lied next to Jordan after getting naked.
Bailey wanted a new hairstyle to match her new fashion sense.
Austin gathered Jordan's co-workers together for the annual company meeting.
Sasha blew Remy out of the water with their knowledge of math.
Austin found out that they made the football team but they couldn't play due to an injury.
Alex brought their fruit to bear after many hours of hard work and labor.
austin could not fight to save his life but he always tried.
Austin never went to the parties that all of his friends were inviting him to.
Addison got Skylar's money back from the store after the product broke.
Lee sent Riley's toy army to the box. That was a bad place for it.
Bailey had lots of compassion and made sure to maintain the patient's comfort.
Jan held Kendall's tongue in an aroused and intimate state.
Austin gave Robin a good reason to trust him because of his previous deeds.
Jesse and Sasha decided to down the memory lane when they played their favorite tape.
Remy watched the olympics that day and rooted for his favorite athlete.
Sasha set the record right after they had been accused of stealing money.
Jordan announced the winner of the prize in the raffle drawing.
Taylor spilled coffee all over Ash's shirt and offered to pay for it immediately.
Addison has a paper tomorrow and needs to study. Addison played video games instead.
Aubrey need time off for an emergency so Quinn took their hours.
Sasha is terrified of spiders, so her mother fixed her fear through gradual exposure.
Sasha asked Lee and his mom for help and they happily agreed.
Ash cooked dinner for his girlfriend and her parents after church.
The money had turned up missing, so Jesse gave Sasha the chance to confess.
Sydney is returning to work from vacation, where they had a great time.
Taylor owns three dogs and two cats. Taylor sees a stray dog on the road and stops to pick it up.
Robin noticed Jan dropped their wallet on the ground. Robin grabbed the wallet.
Riley left her toys in the hallway where someone could trip on them.
Jan played volleyball with friends at the company picnic while her officemates watched.
Cameron put pen to paper and finished his essay on Catholicism.
Casey searched around everywhere for her friend's lost puppy.
Robin brought the paperwork to the trial in case it was needed during the proceedings.
Addison checked Skylar's car in his driveway last weekend for a flat tire.
Aubrey went to the store and bought some food for the party.
Sasha accidental burnt himself while he was trying to save a burning school.
Addison was a sketch artist who liked to use pencils all the time.
Jan performed the dance well in front of a large audience.
Kai had written some new music and wanted to get Riley's opinion on the songs.
Sasha lied to Jordan so Jordan withdrew their support for Sasha at the game.
Looking to spend some time with nature, Riley spent a night in the woods.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of shoes at the store on the way home.
Skylar was supposed to help with a group project but instead spent the night sleeping.
Quinn smelled bad after working out at the gym so they took a shower right away.
Carson waited to go back home until he finished his work.
Bailey joined forces and they all enjoyed success.
Sasha wanted to go to the zoo so that the kids could have some fun and see the animals.
Tracy begged Carson to let him in the band, despite being bad at guitar.
Alex missed the train to work and could not find a cab anywhere.
Taylor gave Alex something wrapped in packing paper and asked them to keep it safe while they were away.
Addison defended Taylor's position on the political spectrum.
Kai hired maids to clean up the house after the huge party that Kai threw.
Jan tried to show Alex signs that she wasn't happy in the relationship.
Aubrey made Sydney turn back around and start doing their chores.
Lee stopped by a vending machine and got a soda while on their lunch break.
Jordan told Robin all the details.
Skylar's mom forgot to pick her up after practice and she has been waiting for an hour.  Skylar sent her mom a text.
Alex took Aubrey to the park for two hours so they could let their children get some exercise.
Sasha bought a new boat and brought it out to the river to use it.
Riley took Jan inside to play some games on the computer.
according to the article Carson rose from Quinn's seat.
Addison paid it forward and got home to play games on the internet.
Riley accidentally cut her hair when she was trying to cut off a tag on her shirt.
Tracy gave their mom a card which then inspired everyone else to do the same.
Cameron had trouble paying her bills after she got laid off from work.
Quinn showed Carson everything that needed to be done at Carson's job.
Wanting to enjoy the day with some fun, Jan played games with their friends.
Seeing that Taylor was feeling lost and alone, Tracy saved Taylor's soul.
Robin took anything she wanted when she was in the store.
Austin enlightened every person in the room with an amazing speech.
When visiting Quinn's house, Carson saw Quinn's son for the first time.
Taylor was greedy and tricked Jan out of her share of the cut.
Cameron went to the store to get some items they needed for the cookout.
Remy wanted to celebrate so he decided to make a list of party items.
Remy talked about themselves for hours on end, exhausting everyone else.
Aubrey shattered into pieces about the loss of her beloved dog that just died.
Jan spent the rest of her life with Quinn after Quinn proposed to her.
Skylar finds a trunk of old family heirlooms and pictures in the attic. Skylar know's their sister is researching their family history.
Remy took their employer to court to sue for a case of wrongful dismissal.
Carson is planning a surprise party for their sibling Bailey. Carson made sure to invite Bailey's good friend Addison.
Even though it was slightly spoiled, Aubrey drank the milk anyway.
Kendall did not take Tracy's answer seriously when they said they were sailing on a pirate ship all day.
Austin grabbed a bat after hearing intruders and grabbed a gun too.
Kendall is taking the class on a field trip for school.
Jordan looked bad but she went out anyway.
Lee played Austin at a game and Austin got a home run and that won the game.
Taylor got a closer look at the report at the meeting today after lunch.
Riley gave Casey a report on the project they were working on for work.
Lee was a top lawyer and after dealing with a very high profile murder case, he brought the trial to a conclusion with such damning evidence to convict the murderer.
Aubrey was late getting home because she had stopped to play, but bent the truth about it.
Quinn wanted to surprise everyone so he brought home dinner.
Riley gave Tom a hug upon hearing that Tom's father had died recently.
Sasha worked on Riley's car for them because they needed it fixed.
Remy gave Robin the feeling that Robin wasn't liked, so Robin and their friends didn't talk to Remy.
Even though their little brother was supposed to write it, Ash wrote the essay for them.
Jordan came near Quinn last night because they wanted to share a secret.
Aubrey made a trip to the store to get some bread and milk.
Addison leaved the casino to go to the buffet that was very big.
Jan lost her wallet, but Jordan found it and returned it to her.
Alex was right behind Riley when they were driving to work together.
Remy was feeling sad over her mom passing away last year in May.
Austin got a job that he had been hoping for, so to celebrate, Austin took us to the city for dinner.
Carson served every person at the table a big glass of wine.
Riley wanted Robin to give him his wallet back since she took it.
Austin drove home that night after drinking at the wedding reception.
In appreciation for her first visit, Jesse decided to bake a welcome cake for Tracy.
Carson had trouble lifting the bowling ball to throw, but eventually got the ball rolling down the lane toward the pins.
Aubrey rewrites every sentence at least twice. Aubrey finally finished writing the novel after 30 years.
Jesse broke the back of the remote after fighting for it with their brother.
Jesse climbed the mountain and took a picture at the peak before putting the camera away.
At everyone else's expense Sasha extended Skylar's probationary period.
Aubrey gave Jesse hope for the future when they saw her selfless sacrifice.
Jordan decided he wanted to go on a spontaneous day trip and told Tracy to get the keys.
Taylor bought some food, but found out that it was spoiled.
Skylar put the baby to bed and went back down to have coffee with the others.
Lee told the kids about what had happened to their teacher.
Sasha supplied the good every last time they needed them.
Alex put Tracy to bed because she was getting tired.
The tornado sirens went off while Ash was in town. Ash sought shelter nearby.
Alex made Carson do an inspection of the car before he bought it.
Casey was waiting to hear from college admissions when the mail arrived. Casey tore open the envelope.
Tracy was waving the knife around carelessly, and Tracy caused Sydney damage.
Cameron's brother's birthday is today, and they have been fighting a lot lately, so Cameron hadn't made anything to give them.
Carson was going to be gone for a long time so Quinn wrote them a book.
Ash was running low on milk and decided to go grocery shopping.
Aubrey spent the last fifty years working. Aubrey retired this week.
Jesse layered blankets back on the bed after taking a short nap in the bed.
Cameron waved Casey's hand because they were playing a partner's pantomime game. Everybody at the party laughed hysterically.
Taylor got some pizza after school because she was hungry.
Since he had always been a sneaky and manipulative person, Jesse nickeled and dimed them at the yard sale.
Aubrey needed to learn how to control her own temper before she could become a positive influence on Taylor and keep him sane.
Robin served food to her friends at a party.
Taylor maintained their integrity by refusing the drugs despite being offered expensive cocaine for free.
Cameron borrowed Kendall's bike without asking then crashed it and broke the front wheel and handlebar.
Taylor has been excited for the big trip, Taylor tells Alex he is going on the trip.
Jan syphoned the gasoline and drove to another store to get groceries.
Sydney grabbed a bite to eat before riding her bike back to work.
Alex was walking home after dark and got scared because he couldn't see well.
Jesse got a bird kite, ran fast and threw it to the wind.
Sasha decided they needed to get in shape for an upcoming athletic tournament.
Sydney was trying to find something to listen too. Sydney picked Jordan's favorite music.
A few years after Bailey's first marriage fell apart, Bailey married another woman.
Carson loved Cameron enough to ask her to marry him.
Cameron returned home from school with snacks for the others.
Addison took advantage of the people on his work team who couldn't say no.
casey thought he had talent for the piano, so he asked the pianist for lessons.
Aubrey bought a new bed for their home and put it in their top room.
Sydney put flowers on the grave of the child that her team accidentally killed.
After cooking, Taylor liked to clean up the kitchen and throw away any trash.
cameron was always being told what to do but deep down she had a mind of her own.
Sasha expressed the instructions in words Skylar could understand and use.
Alex got a new car and parked it in front of their driveway in the morning.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to improve his grades on the test.
Cameron didn't have a watch or his phone, so, Lee gave him the time.
Taylor loved going to the lake in the summer so they went swimming with friends.
Robin took their date to the movies.
Taylor gave the dog a bone after he adopted the dog from a shelter.
After failing out of college, Skylar brought home their things so she could move back in.
Aubrey went to my friend's house to see me when I was spending time with them.
Jesse used Remy's knowledge of the game to help them win their college tournament that week.
Jan taught their dog to sit which took a month of training.
Taylor tried to get out of trouble by making up a story.
Taylor tasted disgusting food when she went to the new cafeteria in town.
Austin's home was destroyed in a freak storm so when friends and neighbours called to offer help Austin accepted every offer.
Cameron opened their gift from a friend for their birthday.
Kendall gave Casey a shot for the flu so they would stay safe.
Tracy forced their will upon Ash and got Ash to do their chores.
Riley served another meal to a select group of their friends that seemed to be more mouth watering and delicious.
Austin decided to get a haircut but didn't have the money so he tries to convince the stylist.
Lee went to the doctor and they told him to stop doing so much work.
Jesse feeds Alex's cat for them while they are gone on vacation for a week.
Kendall had a party at Jordan's house but was found out to not have asked and just broke in.
Riley got popular after the contest and many others had fallen in love with them.
Casy recently graduated from college and was looking to unwind.
Sasha cut Cameron's hair herself when Cameron said he wanted to save money.
Lee knew something about the crime so Lee decided to go and talk to the police.
Robin found out that Cameron had stolen money. Robin made Cameron's ass hurt when she gave him a spanking.
Tracy handled every situation with good principles and morals.
Casey wore men's underwear to the drag festival that night.
Jan decided to spend time with friends because it was a friend's birthday.
Jesse was getting bullied at his school so Casey gave Jesse training in martial arts.
Kendall gave Robin flowers because they wanted to show their love to Robin.
Addison was teaching Jesse to dance for their upcoming wedding so on the first lesson Addison put Jesse's hands on Jesse's hips in the correct position for the dance.
Alex drove so fast on the highway that they missed the exit to the closest gas station.
Carson pullled what he wanted out of Tracy's pocket.
Jesse borrowed Jordan's car for the weekend in order to move apartments.
Addison returned the book that evening before she was fined.
Remy posted flyers for their family dog that ran away recently.
Kai invited her friends over for the graduation party at the media room.
Cameron went to a party with his friends and had a great time.
Carson started baking a cake and Daniel came over to help him.
Riley didn't put in a lot of effort and because of that they would often fail.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay for the weekend and after.
Jan and Tracy had been living together for years but just broke up.
Jan sold candy bars to raise money for a new classroom at school.
Alex hit the target when he was shooting darts.
Riley was walking carefully because there was snow and ice on the ground.
Tracy was looking for the perfect dress and finally found a great one.
Tracy dropped a bombshell and said she is quitting college.
Quinn held Aubrey's feet next to the fire.  They did it for fun.
Kai made their laws and others were happy to abide by them.
Tracy forced Jan to show their hand when playing cards with them.
Addison felt like a man after he lost his virginity.
Casey attended a wine tasting after getting changed into formal dining clothes.
In order to thank them for helping them move, Lee took their friends to the movies that night.
Alex was tired of Bailey sitting around and told her to get a job.
Bailey paid their cable bill but it was already beyond the past due date.
Aubrey finished their degree. It took 4 years of dedication.
Bailey went to the store and bought some clothes for her party that day.
Jordan ran the bases smoothly as he approached home base.
Sydney took money to the carnival so they could play some games and go on rides with their friends.
Tracy rushed to Alex's side as soon as Tracy saw Alex was shot by a dirty cop.
Tracy owed money to Sydney for bill's taxes, so Tracy paid the money to Sydney.
Skylar explored another subject to try and learn about something new.
kendall heard someone call her name so she immediately turned around.
Sasha was so much fun when they went out to the dancing club.
Cameron had not slept in days, while in vacation in Las Vegas. Cameron finally took their rest.
Kendall was looking for a used bike due to new ones being way over her current budget.
Bailey told Robin he knows everything about what happened last night at the club with the girl.
Ash shed light on the problem by helping them solve the math question.
Casey's moms car broke down, so Lee drove her home.
riley hurt people's feelings in order to feel better about themselves.
Bailey brought Jordan her umbrella like she wanted her to do.
Tracy gave Remy expressions of pain during the operation.
Austin was the secret villain in the school play but Jan showed Austin's face.
Taylor took Kendall's dog on a walk to the park and back.
Addison took her awhile ago, and people were getting worried they wouldn't return.
Carson issued Kendall an edict about the new office rules.
Casey met Bailey's sister and fell in love with Bailey's sister immediately.
Skylar started eating with them when the kids invited her to their table.
Bailey had nothing to do and so they watched television all day.
Robin usually commute by their own car. One day, Robin's car would not start. Robin rode the bus.
Queen called Carson's mom and told her to come pick him up because he was being mean.
Cameron lost some of their money and blamed their friend for losing it.
Everyday, Tracy made Bailey a sandwich for lunch.
Alex noticed that Austin's truck broke down and decided to give Austin a lift.
Kendall persuaded the man to buy the new watch.
Sasha, Robin's neighbor, was a new student.  Robin introduced her to the class.
Kai needed a bedtime story each night before going to sleep.
Ash was armed heading to war to fight for their country as was required.
Ash needed a very strong and dense type of wood to make musical instruments with, and finally, Ash found the perfect tree.
Jesse turned toward Riley when Riley started to ask to go on a date.
Bailey noticed Riley walking down the street, so Bailey stopped in front of Riley.
Austin asked Quinn is she would like to go out with him on Valentine's Day.
Austin bought a new bike and then rode it to school very quickly.
Addison gave Cameron money for her power bill after hearing that she's been having a rough time.
Alex's powers were not as strong since he was just starting out. Alex used Bailey's powers since hers were stronger.
Carson was finished university for the summer so Carson came home for the holidays.
Austin left the hospital early because he recovered quickly.
After her match, Addison felt good about how well she played. When she got home, she would need to take a shower and change before going out to the movies.
Jan received Sasha's payment for the new pair of shoes that she ordered.
Jordan kept sydneys place in line so that he could use the bathroom.
Bailey put up a new ad for her motorcycle for sale.
Casey needed to get out of debt, she decided to spend is minimally as possible.
Aubrey always listened to her parents about the yard.
Austin continued reading random stories to me because they thought eventually I would go to sleep but I didn't want to.
sydney got a reward for popping baloons at a fair.
Sasha listened to her mom after she got home from school on Friday.
Kendall brought a paycheck home that everyone had seen and it was more money than any of her equals were making.
Addison was good at math and helped their friend with their homework.
Sydney worked well in business to get ahead. They strived to succeed in their work.
Casey really needed money but his parents refuse to give him a loan.
Addison walked home from work after realizing she had a flat tire.
Casey performed Jan's duty at work when Jan was not in the office.
carson was ash's best friend so he agreed to take her.
Casey gave Quinn things they needed when they moved into their new place.
Kai tied Bailey up with a rope because they were going to try something new.
Remy dropped her phone and it got wet.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter how to dance like a professional dancer.
Bailey raised money to finance a car for the homeless family she met.
Casey told her mother that she was going to name her baby after her grandma.
Ash paid off his work debts to his creditors on Saturday.
Bailey met up with Addison on the street after getting out of work for lunch.
Kai came back from the hospital after breaking her ankle at gymnastics.
Austin went to the office to meet their client that needed help.
Kai loved Carson for everything they are including the good and the insecurities.
Tracy wore makeup and went to the club with her girlfriends.
Whenever they took the family for a picnic, Kendall always brought drinks.
Taylor put the pedal to the metal and sped off very quickly.
Taylor made Kai attack the army. The orders came down from the company commander.
Austin expressed their willingness to go to the movies to see a great movie.
Taylor increased Kai's efficiency at school and they got good grades.
Kai coveted their neighbors house so they decided to take on a number of DIY projects to transform their own house into their dream house.
Lee needed a dog-sitter while they were on vacation, so they hired Cameron to watch their dogs.
Kendall immediately turned away from the bad smell.
The meal came to an end for Sasha and her friends, and it was Sasha's time to pay.
Jesse needed to have some pants altered, so Casey made Jesse's adjustments.
Tracy drew attention to the fact that the company was losing money.
Kendall brought the fire under control. The fire was in a residential neighborhood.
Taylor was confused on the topic, and also asked Sydney's opinion.
austin was tired of casey so he didnt want to talk to casey anymore.
Cameron found a way to get to the store that winter afternoon in December.
After coming home from grocery shopping, Ash realized she forgot to buy milk, so Ash sent their daughter to the store to get some.
There had been a lot of robberies in Robin's neighborhood. She organized a watch program and kept an eye out for thieves.
Alex looked in Robin's direction, and started walking toward her, hoping to ask her on a date.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office to fire them for inappropriately using their power.
Skylar told Alex how they felt about them and Alex turned Skylar down.
Remy loved to help others.  He would always go out of his way to help others succeed.
Skylar buries Jan's head in her chest in a loving way.
Riley met Alex online and then finally saw them in person.
Remy love the gift that came from her grandmother.
Ash grew up in poverty and was the first generation to attend college.
Alex went grocery shopping yesterday despite being on a tight schedule with little time.
Jesse saw a movie with their friends and afterwards they all went for icecream and pizza.
Lee picked Jan up from school and took her home for dinner.
Tracy met society's demands and got a nice job with a great family.
Austin spent all afternoon working on homework to free up time at night.
Lee called Casey's insurance company and took care of the car accident issues.
Jordan followed is Sasha's footsteps and learned about science.
Austin cried in front of Cameron after he got the bad news.
jordan ran around the court for a long time bouncing the ball.
Austin practiced soccer every day after school. Austin became good at it.
Quinn went flying through the air and managing to tackle the running back before they got a touchdown.
Once they got to the reflective pond, Kai threw flowers into the water.
aubrey was a abusive man so he controlled women's decisions.
Robin entered with Taylor's agreement after reading over the fine print and agreeing with it.
Kendall decided to smoke because his friends did, despite all the warnings.
Remy got dinner later that afternoon after they watch their show.
Quinn wanted to evict the non-paying tenant, so Quinn served an eviction notice.
Jesse corrected the error Casey made by getting some glue and some tape.
Tracy decided to pay all of Addison's bills because they were best pals.
Jan ate their plants to make sure they got vitamins.
Sasha asked Lee's mom to help them move into a new apartment since they were moving nearby.
Alex told a very scary ghost store to the campers around the campfire.
Alex was walking around downtown enjoying the Christmas lights.
Remy was so hungry and ate as much as he could at the buffet.
Quinn was asked by their parents to clean their family car.  Quinn did a really good job on the car.
Riley overheard their classmates say there was a treasure buried nearby. Riley began digging.
Tracy sought knowledge from all over the world so that she could understand things better.
Carson felt tender feelings for Jesse and wanted to get closer to them.
Jordan turned the person away after they asked to go on a date.
Aubrey took Cameron home after going out to the movies.
Aubrey kissed the gunner's daughter and everyone was cheering for them.
austin knew everyone in town so she knew robin much better than everyone else at the party.
Lee delivered homework to Austin's house because Austin missed school.
Robin saved Skylar's husbands camera from falling in the water when he was filming from the boat tour of Niagra Falls.
Aubrey dated their boyfriend for a year, before learning they were being cheated on.
Addison met Sasha's emergency text and went to Sasha immediately.
Taylor chased the soccer ball in the yard after school.
Robin got up and picked up the salt and walked it back over to the counter.
remy was being careless and dropped his phone in a puddle.
Jan wanted to be outside on a pretty day. They went to fly a kite.
Aubrey got their hopes up before finding out the truth.
Jordan and Alex had become close friends, one day Jordan whispered a secret in Alex's ear and Alex promised never to repeat it.
Kai carefully put the vase down because they thought it was nice and wanted to look at it.
Addison the class president, valedictorian, and captain of the cheerleading squad.
Bailey had things to do then returned to the classroom.
Riley had a huge Minnie Mouse themed birthday party, because Riley was one year old.
Jess told Lee's story to the group of people that wanted to learn more about Lee.
Lee wanted to celebrate Remy's birthday by taking him to a concert and having fun.
Tracy picked a movie and grabbed some snacks before heading to the couch.
Robin let Bailey's friends come over for a surprise birthday party for Bailey.
Sydney always went first because they gave the team the best shot to win.
Jan's daughter was mad at Jordan.  Jordan wanted to fix it.
Jesse is a lawyer pleading a case to the jury.
Ash spent many days training for the fight that was going to happen in two weeks.
Casey bought an air conditioner, because the summer heat was draining all their energy.
Remy saw Skylar's offended reaction and laughed at her, feeling like she got to her.
After Jesse passed away at the hospital, Quinn left their body.
aubrey asked cameron for 100 dollars and waited for cameron's answer.
Addison told Cameron he is an idiot after he spilled the drink.
Jordan was concerned that Robin was falling behind in class.  He made sure to help her as he tutored her.
Kendall moved to Mexico to be closer to family.
Sasha needed new clothes after noticing that she had gained weight over the summer.
Casey took the phone even though it did not belong to him.
Aubrey reached Remy's goal after practicing for months and failing many times.
Skylar always followed the rules and spoke intelligently. She never even used slang.
Riley was always buying things he couldn't afford, he wound up costing his mother Kendall a lot of money.
Jan patted Addison's back after she started coughing.
Bailey understood the patient's concern and eloquently explained the situation for them.
After waiting for her to get dressed, Robin entered Kai's room.
Austin observed that class seemed like it took longer and longer everyday.
Bailey saw a show and it inspired her to become a photographer.
Kendall wanted to improve their health so they started eating better food.
Bailey yielded Sydney's income when they didn't pay for their child support.
Skylar taught their son to share with their classmates.
Sydney was getting ready to go to her senior prom and took two hours to get ready.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands off her knee.  They thought it was not appropriate.
Alex served Lee's apprenticeship for 3 years before Lee would let them run the shop.
Jesse let his friends go in first so he could pay for all their way.
Being the new stepfather to wife, Jan, he called Jan's daughter, Bliss, to himself and gave her a gift.
Remy called the man about the problem they were having.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers backwards until they almost snapped and stopped.
Alex went to a Christmas party and played white elephant. Alex exchanged the gifts.
Robin expressed their sense of pleasure to her boyfriend Bob.
Tracy washed her dirty linen in public every day at home.
Riley's brother had a baby. He flew back to Texas and saw his nephew for the first time.
Sasha worked two jobs to save more money for retirement.
Tracy began to smear the paint on the canvas.
Carson tried to win the game. He always tried hard to win in any situation.
Casey bought a gallon of milk and went to look for cereal.
Riley had gotten separated from the group and become lost in the forest, but Sydney led Riley back to safety.
Jesse noticed something wrong with Casey while they were on a date.
Kai let their thoughts be known about the subject and felt good for speaking their mind.
Carson paid Cameron's visit and was so happy to see her.
Taylor had come a long way to visit with their friends, and it was now late at night and Taylor was afraid to walk alone, so Alex walked Taylor back.
Addison is a great hairdresser and Austin went to her for a haircut. Addison cut Austin's hair short.
Remy gave Kai some tips on how to shoot a gun at the range.
Jordan said it another time as well. He was always slow to learn his lesson.
Kendall didn't like the public schools in the district. Kendall sent their son to private school instead.
Taylor kicked the bucket after a very long and successful life on the beach.
Robin took deep breaths before they dived into the ocean.
Addison visited the pet store as it was about to close in half an hour.
Alex bet that Susan would win the race. Alex won the bet easily.
Tracy gave Jan permission to come in when she just showed up at her door.
Riley rescued Jan who was drowning in the pool out back.
Ash recovered bullets for the beach even though it was very dangerous.
Bailey joined forces with the others to fight against the invasion from the evil enemy.
Jesse read Jordan a story, and Jordan finally started to feel sleepy.
On her first day on the job, Aubrey was assigned the role of removing seeds from the plants.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple of dollars so Quinn could buy Cameron a snack at the grocery store.
Carson rolled the dice when playing the game with their friends.
Lee made Jan move when she didn't want to and pushed her violently.
Remy taught the pet to think about things before it acted on them.
They found the list and knew what they were getting for Christmas morning.
Tracy ripped open the bag of chips and dumped them on the floor to get back at her friend.
Ash wanted to make a cake for their birthday but they didn't know how because everything was always done for them.
Riley left the game with an injury after trying very hard to play through the pain.
Cameron will be mad knowing what others already know.
Addison leant toward Kai to tease him about his bad haircut.
The kids were thirsty after recess, so Cameron provided juice to the children.
Robin was so jealous that Robin essentially declared war on Jan.
Austin and Addison made a big announcement to their family that Christmas.
Addison always followed her heart because it always lead her in the right direction.
Quinn needed Alex's help in order to make dinner for the party but Alex said no.
After listening to her employees complaints, Sydney decided to talk to her boss about additional benefits.
Jordan persuaded the citizens to vote.  They wanted to serve in the city council.
Alex appreciated Sasha's effort to make them feel better and told them thanks.
Sasha imagined that she set the ship on the moon in the summer night.
Jesse took the books back to the store when she realized she didn't need them anymore.
When Alex went to Las Vegas, he lost all of his family's money.
Sasha and Jesse were making out when Sasha flicked Jesse's tongue.
lee was concerned for his mom so he took her to a doctor.
Tracy did something exciting and got a new outfit.
Kai was playing around with their children and threw them into the river.
Jordan was deciding between housework and gardening. Jordan spent more time on housework.
After dancing all night Tracy decided it was time to head back home.
Austin ran their fingers through Bailey's hair despite Bailey's objections to being touched by Austin.
After a long and winding argument over the topic, Lee left Austin's house.
Kai saw it up close and paid attention to the details closely.
Jordan went along with the jokes to get along with his mom's new boyfriend.
Taylor surprised Alex with the news that they were going out of town for a vacation.
Lee talked to their boss about how they can progress better.
Skylar boarded the boat that was getting ready to set off for the Bahamas.
Austin felt fine and never used the cough medicine he was prescribed.
Kendall started a lemonade stand outside his house on the weekend.
Quinn was short on money and needed to get a new car, so he went to the bank and got a loan.
Kendall and Robin had been dating for 3 years, at Christmas Kendall met Robin's family.
Bailey felt sore after running for 10 miles in the rain.
Sydney concentrated on the ball in the hands before throwing it into the net and scoring.
aubrey went fishing with her dad and caught a fish as a catch.
Ash sent their friend to the store to get ingredients to make pizza.
A busy Lee took Jesse's kite to be repaired in time for the festival.
Ash asked for money from her mom.
Riley was supposed to be selective at the dance, but Riley gave everyone access.
Kendall adopted the puppy after seeing him in the rescue.
Robin took the witness into the courtroom.
Kendall ate a sandwich.
remy was a nice person so he drew an analogy for lee.
Carson was a hateful person and was always bullying Taylor at school.
Carson needed to move out so they sold their old furniture at reasonable prices.
Ash gave Aubrey Jan's name when she asked under some heavy interrogation from friends and family.
Cameron's friend was very apologetic about breaking the window and immediately paid for the repairs. Therefore, Cameron thought nothing of it.
Carson tried to start a new rock band but excluded every person that tried out.
Taylor told the teacher that one member of their group will give the speech.
Riley gripped Ash's hips because he wanted her to come closer as they were dancing.
Sydney was an athletic footballer and shot the ball into the goal.
Carson has a favorite song she listens to always when he hears it.
Although Quinn was the only person in the race, Quinn could still not get elected as town dogcatcher.
Bailey made Jan's mom a sandwich because she hadn't had anything to eat in several days.
Alex gave the inspector an interview about the shooting.
Addison slept well this week because all their exams were done and now they were on a break from school.
Jesse visited their parents and had a great conversation with them.
After years of struggling to establish themselves, Jesse opened their own business finally.
Quinn was crying and Lee was doing their best to offer comfort.
Robin knew they would give up eventually, so they just went ahead and gave up now.
Jan's lawn had been overgrown and finally had some time to take care of it.
Quinn didn't want anyone wearing white at the wedding. Taylor had to change her clothes.
Ash sent a bodyguard to protect the important diplomat that arrived.
Robin told Cameron nothing about the party so he wasn't there.
Ash pulled the trigger of the shotgun in order to get them away from the barn.
Ash was tired of getting treated poorly and decided to quit.
Cameron answered another call after he had already sold the car.
Alex quickly stripped off Taylor's clothes after they suddenly caught on fire.
After looking for hours Robin finally found their car on the side of the road.
Taylor raised chickens and Sydney had an issue with that.
Jan's line made Lee feel completely crowded and like they were out of space.
Jordan persuaded their friend to vote in the presidential election and she was glad she did.
jan brought tracy's shirt back after wearing it to the party last night.
Carson Just got home for work and entered the house.
Riley worked in the student services building and regularly ran tests.
Kai borrowed Austin's cell phone, but then accidentally lost it.
Ash called home often to talk with their parents about life.
As they neared the end of the race he felt a burst of enrgy and Remy came up behind Jan.
Sydney bought dinner for their daughter, but forgot to get dinner for themself.
Wanting to win the debate and do well, Skylar constructed another argument.
Sasha wanted to be famous and decided to become a singer.
Jordan worked in a local restaurant and even though it was busy he worked very hard to make sure he got everyone's order on time.
Kai invited the new kid Casey to a movie with the rest of their friends.
Remy put Jan's toy away after they played for a while.
Taylor decorated his Christmas tree for the first time. Taylor was not able to afford Christmas decoration until recently.
Aubrey sent their cat to die. But the cat was so cute that people at the animal control put the ad on craigslist for adoption.
Jan set the plan in motion after months of working out the logistics.
While sitting on the couch, Lee took Casey's red shoes off one at a time.
Taylor read online blogs all day instead of going to work.
Jordan brought the food to Sasha end of the line and they both had a conversation about the news.
Aubrey's pencils whipped across the paper. They were using a new technique for drawing.
Cameron told Ash's son a story and hoped they would listen to it.
Ash went to the store and bought some cheese for a pizza they were making.
Robin took Riley to get her ear pierced for her birthday.
cameron knew he needed the money so took sides with the bad guys.
Jan let their sister outside to play with their friends.
Robin had had to work late the night before and was exhausted.
Bailey used a friend of theirs to get a ride to the party.
Quinn spent the day at the beach, but her class that evening was cancelled.
Bailey made a conclusion after a lot of research.
Aubrey sprained her ankle badly but got over the pain just to visit her mother in the hospital.
Kai uses the knowledge that could only be obtained from years of experience to help out.
Jesse wasn't feeling very well so she just let her friends play the game.
Riley wanted people to keep order and demanded people listen. Riley struck fear into their hearts  so they would listen.
Wanting to make sure the students understood the lesson, Addison discussed these lessons in detail.
addison was told he could not do it but addison thought of a wa y.
Riley jumped from a nearby cliff and then swam in the lake beneath it.
Sydney read Austin a book and Austin smiled as it was read to him.
Addison made a decision about the family vacation with Skylar, and then they called their parents into Skylar's office.
Casey gave Austin an indication of the ETA when Austin called on the phone.
Ash got hold of Casey to invite him to the ball that night.
Sydney made a matching best friend forever bracelet for their friend so that they could each share one.
Tracy was a fan of drinking and bought alcohol at the store.
Sydney loved their time together and hated that they would never spend time together again.
Quinn texted Riley back after receiving a distressed message from him.
Addison was planning a vacation and booked Robin's trip to Vegas.
Jesse made a phone call and told their boss last night they were quitting.
Skylar boarded the boat for their cruise in the tropics.
Jordan moved Carson's mouth away from Jordan's chest.
Robin got back together with her boyfriend of 4 years.
Tracey grabbed Kai's stuff so they could carry it for them to school.
Carson satisfied their curiosity by answering the questions.
Jesse really wanted to be a part of the play. He tried out for a small role. Now Jesse was playing a roll in the production.
Sydney concentrated on the lines on his hands trying to remember them for the drawing.
Addison bought a new car and drove it to her friend's house.
Riley was running behind like always and forgot her umbrella, and Riley got caught in the rain.
Addison become roommate with Jdy during freshman year of college.
sasha was ready and was able to catch the ball when they threw it back.
Even though their partner said it looked gross, Bailey loved their beard.
Skylar told their friends that they were nervous about the upcoming dance they were having.
Alex exchanged the gifts and received a big diamond ring.
Addison carried on with their work even thought it was difficult.
Jan drove back home from the party to go home and get on the computer.
Riley gave themselves a makeover in order to get a boy.
Austin knew the figurines were delicate so he put them in their place securely.
Carson spent a week with Quinn at the beach over the summer.
Sydney cleaned the cage for their cat and was going to take them on their family trip.
Kendall played football with Ash's dad. Kendall became sweaty and smells really bad.
Bailey made pottery in school to impress her class mates.
Kai reminded Sydney of something that they forgot to buy when they were at the store.
Quinn had never met Kendall's family before and Kendall invited everyone to a dinner.
Ash installed a home security system and placed bars on his lower windows to reduce the risk of burglary.
Cameron kissed Alex on the lips and asked Alex to go to the prom later that week.
Casey brought the book back to Jan to read for a few hours that night.
casey heard their mother's screams and went to stop them from hurting her.
Addison brought their belongings back and distributed them evenly to them.
Riley and Ash were playing a game but Ash was not doing very well at it and was getting frustrated.
Skylar's dad was retired from the navy. Skylar took their dad fishing.
Addison drove around for a while, forgot to pick up groceries for the family, and then returned home that evening.
Riley got engaged earlier that night. When she got home Riley showed the ring to their parents.
Kai and Remy had a discussion that ended up changing Remy's opinion.
Alex ended their work day early and decided to relax in the park.
Robin dreamed of selling their first book before the age of 45. Robin devoted himself to writing.
Jesse saw Ash's boyfriend and went and made a move on him.
Tracy carried a tune and could also play several different instruments.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly at the movie theater.
Austin fought for Quinn's life in Afghanistan.
Sasha met the country's leader to discuss the trade deals between the nations.
Casey was feeling really sad and tired. She needed to sleep so she laid down on the bed but she could not sleep. Kai laid down on Casey's side.
Bailey tried her best in school and was a great success at getting good grades.
Addison set Carson's phone alarm to go off in the middle of the night.
Bailey watched out for TV coupons all day, until she finally found a great one at Target.
Ash recovered contracts for a company which operated on the wrong side of the law and committed many crimes.
Jesse hurt their finger so Skylar did something nice to help them feel better.
Cameron got down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend Tracy.
Casey performed with Jan on duties. Doing it together made it easier.
The bullies caught Sasha, beat her up and took her tickets for the movies away.  Kai got the tickets back from them.
Sasha just shook their head after they heard the silly thing Skylar said.
Quinn was in a hurry and was quickly driving down the highway.
Mila was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse set Addison in motion to go to the play for a few hours.
Sasha packed her kid's backpacks with everything they would need for school that day.
Michael was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
After the ball game Cameron climbed the fence quickly to get home.
Skylar was moving and couldn't pack up all their belongings by themself.
Alex sleeps through their alarm and wakes up an hour late for work. Alex is panicking because they have been late several times and are on thin ice.
Ash sent their daughter to the store while she bathed the twins, cleaned the house and made dinner.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly and was relieved when the kiss was returned.
After getting invited to the class banquet, Riley really enjoyed dinner.
Quinn told Addison part of the plan so she could get started.
Tracy was trying to figure out what to do and the Tracy picked a movie to watch.
taylor wanted to show support so he reached alex's hand with her own.
Aubrey had a beloved family heirloom but Aubrey list it in an accident.
Austin hit Tracy in the throat. Tracy hurt Austin much worse.
Carson helped the community a lot. Carson is always available for anything.
Austin waited until Cameron left and then ate all of his food.
Jordan found Riley's way back because Riley was lost.
Quinn followed Tracy's advice and took the job that offered more money.
Addison was married for 20 years.  They were very happy.
Addison put Kendall's thoughts into action and won the top prize at the Science Fair.
Jan clapped Addison on the back at work after she made good sales.
Bailey was at the studio and saw everyone vow to the sensei.
Quinn wore her favorite jacket every day to work.
Aubrey asked Skylar to look at their report closer to make sure everything was right.
Riley is in charge of giving salaries for the payroll at work.
Addison slept well again after they finally got over their cold one day.
Sydney postponed the test because they had a meeting with their boss.
aubrey had two parents that loved him so he recently  visited them.
Sasha missed my flight because she was running late.
Sydney was offended when after Jan was cheating. Jan won Sydney back thankfully.
Cameron went to the tattoo parlor. They got their first tattoo done today.
quinn wrote Carson's book this might contribute to her promotion soon.
Remy was Tracy's best friend since their freshman year in high school.
Robin held Sydney at arm's length because she did not trust her.
Skylar persuaded Remy to return to home for the big party being planned.
Jan left Riley's keys for them because she could not drive.
Addison had planned a romantic evening. Addison caressed Carson's cheek after dinner.
Remy worked the night shift so he could help and paid Casey's bill.
Ash kept Remy awake all night even though Remy had to get up early the next day.
Jan divided the area into districts for the new voting rules.
Aubrey and her close friend fell in love but Aubrey fell first.
Carson broke his fall instinctively after he had been taught how to roll through a fall by a more experienced skateboarder.
Carson ran Lee's hand through Lee's hair to show them the best way to look cool.
The post office was busy, so Skylar helped forward the mail.
Sasha was cleaning Jan's room when she found a stack of old yearbooks from High School.
Bailey heard God's voice through the wind as an answer to her prayer.
Tracy interviewed Kai for an important job in the company with a big pay raise.
Jordan whipped Tracy's head around as he yanked her to the ground by her hair after she attacked him.
Addison produced Robin's response since they were representing Robin.
Robin could not help the fact that he had a learning disability and failed the class.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend no because he was sneaking behind Riley's back to ask her out.
Casey brought the car back to Jan after borrowing it to get to work.
Jordan knew his little sister loved the circus so he took her last weekend.
Sasha introduced another friend to the game which pleased everyone.
robin approached their crush and prepared to ask them out on a date.
Riley had moved to a few towns over to start a new job, but made sure to keep in touch with their good friend Bailey.
Jesse went to hold a part of sasha's hand, as he'd wanted to for a while.
Sydney is the best player and she shot a three pointer.
Remy was on vacation and saw elephants out of their window.
Ash saw Cameron's husband for the first time, who happened to be one of Ash's exes.
Sasha texted Carson's friend and told them they should go to Carson's.
Carson decided to try online dating so he found a site he liked and signed up.
Sydney won against their friend when playing video games.
Robin is a server at a busy restaurant. Robin notices the hostess has sat a group of people in Robin's section.
Jesse had a soft touch and made a great nurse.
Casey was so thrilled that she converted herself to christianity.
Ash is on a diet and has been doing a good job of not breaking it. Until Jan brings donuts to work. Ash steals a donut.
Jordan tried exercise to no avail in what was seeming like a futile attempt to lose weight.
Quinn wanted to stay in for the night so they ate burgers at home.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter and to look for a pet to adopt.
Sydney took off Kai's shoes and saw that he stepped in dog poop.
Cameron won the award for directing the student film last year.
Jan took the bus to lunch so they could meet up with their friends.
Addison laid behind Casey to hide from the terrifying home invaders.
Ash made a lot of money in the stock market and bought a big house.
Addison ran past Casey. Casey wondered what was going on.
Riley started lifting weights early in the morning at the gym.
In their article, Alabama gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Remy didn't make food at home anymore after almost burning down her kitchen making pasta.
After taking karate lessons, Austin taught the bully a lesson by punching in the face.
Ash wanted love anymore because Diane broke up with him over text message.
Alex made Jesse nervous because he looked at her test answers to cheat.
Quinn is Alex's sergeant in the Army Rangers.
Casey gave Jesse training so Jesse could pass the qualification exam.
It was Quinn's partner's birthday. Quinn tried hard to make it extra special.
Lee had a lot of pent up frustration, so Lee began running.
Addison put Quinn's arms around his neck and hugged them closely to their body with a huge grin on their face.
Jesse bought a car with the money the others gave her for graduation.
Jordan saw the tank in the car was running low. He asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas.
After the soccer match was over Jesse wrote the name on the board of the winning team.
Aubrey cut the piece of pizza in two to share with their friend.
Quinn followed Tracy's advice about how to do well at the job interview.
Cameron wanted to make something to drink. They made coffee on the stove.
Jan established a good relationship with Ash after not seeing eye to eye recently.
Jan paid Sasha to do some housekeeping, so Sasha was cleaning Jan's room.
Kendall changed the narrative of the story and broke the fourth wall.
Kendall was in charge of an entire massive military force and he was a fearless leader.
Jan got everything ready and prepared to launch another rocket.
Kai saw trust in Remy's eyes during their date at the fair.
Casey got thrown out of school for fighting.
Kai paid no attention to their teacher, who was covering topics to be included on the exam, as he played games on his phone.
Despite feeling like everyone forgot it, Quinn got a cake on her birthday from her parents.
Jesse was always looking to save money. Jesse nickled and dimed things.
Kendall wrote a note to his father explaining why he wasn't going home.
Jesse is ready to go to sleep.
Quinn was telling Jan about how she got discounts at the store. When Jan went shopping, she used Quinn's advice to obtain discounts.
After watching the Nutcracker one Christmas with family members, Robin decided they wanted to be a ballerina.
Casey could not afford to buy her medication so she endured the pain longer.
Ash left Jesse's fathers hockey stick at the ice rink because she was in a hurry.
Jordan tested the waters before the children went to play in the lake.
Jesse saw a lawnmower they liked. They decided to buy one.
Austin couldn't handle Lee anymore and told Lee that he was grounded.
After reading the fine print of the contract, Taylor defined the agreement in terms.
Riley found a raccoon and named her Bailey, Bailey bit Riley's finger.
Taylor made Jordan happy by giving him a big kiss.
Aubrey always thought highly of me and gave me a lot of candy everyday.
Alex took Cameron on a date even though they had troubles in the past.
After Skylar failed multiple tests and received a warning from their teacher, Skylar tried harder in the class.
Quinn often got confused about the math problem and had to get help.
Jesse needed to buy a new car so they started looking online for something that would work.
Robin was terrible with money, so Jesse kept Robin's account balance in order.
Tracy was wanting to sell their used car but didn't like the offer Taylor made. Taylor made Tracy anothe roffer.
Cameron came to nothing and ultimately was thrown out.
Remy went the next day to the DMV to get their license.
Sasha has been wanting to talk to Ash but did not get  suitable place, she asked Ash to come here.
Cameron rode several rides at the carnival and had the best time of his life.
Jan paid Robin's fine in full out of the goodness of their own heart.
Jan allowed Austin access to come over and feed her animals twice a day while she was on vacation.
Cameron pleased every parent when he took the time to thank each one who dropped their child off at his son's birthday party.
Riley could not remember when she went to the store and it made her feel off.
Lee paid Robin back the money to buy a game last week.
Jan learnt how to dance because everybody else already knew how to dance.
Addison executed every last request of the others and was hoping for a promotion.
Riley explained everything in training in great detail. Riley gets Jesse started with an easy task.
Jordan was organizing her schedule for the week, so she created another to-do list.
Ash let the cat inside when the weather turned very cold.
Robin wrote their letter about getting into a good and expensive college that day.
Remy prepared another cup of soup for the gentleman who was waiting on his order.
Remy was hungry.  They got some food from a restaurant.
Taylor saved the patient's pancreas from insulin leakage.
With the dollar Skylar found under Remy's bed he decided to buy a pack of gum but wasn't wearing any clothes.
Skylar suddenly appeared. The others wondered what took her so long.
Skylar and Alex were about to break up. Skylar met Alex for the last time.
Skylar had a crush on Jordan and followed him everywhere he went.
Bailey has set up an event to pick up trash at a local beach. Bailey knows they will need a lot of help to pick up all the trash.
Robin loves to jump rope.
Alex told Cameron they did not share feelings, but Cameron kissed Alex on the lips anyway.
Taylor grabbed them and gently pressed Skylar's hands.
Casey delivered Ash's message to their mother since Ash had to work overtime.
Quinn tried hard to win the race but he lost.
Carson went their every chance he had and was excited to book a room for the weekend.
Austin put Kendall and teresa to the war so that they could fight for their country.
Others would feel that Austin did the right thing by asking for help.
After witnessing the bullying incident, Remy asked Taylor the reason why this happened.
Austin knew the love of the lord and decided that he had to do something about it.
Taylor tells her friends they don't need to worry about driving. Taylor tells them Bailey will do it.
Aubrey's favorite pet was lost again. Aubrey looked everywhere and finally found the cat under the bed.
Remy represented Skylar's interests as his defense attorney in his court case.
Aubrey was with family in their hometown as it was raining all day.
kendall was a careful person so she made quinn use caution.
Taylor told the nurses that Jesse was abusing her medication, so Taylor gave Jesse's medication to them.
Carson didn't want to be held responsible, so he derived his powers from the consent.
Skylar was recruited to the team ahead of the big game.
Casey followed a car which she believed to be driven by a famous musician she was a fan of.
Kai was having a surprise party for Addison. Kai got Addison's friends together.
Taylor sold Jordan's land as a means of paying off a debt owed to Taylor.
Tracy and their man were together years, but when he met Riley Tracy was dumped and he dated Riley then eventually Riley married Tracy's man.
Quinn realized that they had no food left in the fridge.
Addison asked her dad for recommendations about what movie they should watch.
Jan got really good at reading and helped others learn to do it as well.
Kai got a new dog and took it to the vet to get some shots.
Carson was feeling hungry after not eating for several days and decided to eat a sandwich.
After learning about a string of burglaries in the area, Aubrey protected their property by installing a new security system.
Lee was in training for a fight and during training they absorbed every punch.
Lee gave thee the throne for the kingdom of England that day.
Tracy afforded Bailey the opportunity to get a raise by putting in some overtime.
Cameron waited on the road conditions to be better before he drove back hom.
Sasha sent Alex a message to meet her after school behind the store.
Skylar picked their favorite movie at the theater to watch for a few hours.
Sasha saved up for years so she could send her daughter to college.
robin was an idiot so he pulled the dog away from skylar and got bit.
Bailey was tired of her husband beating her so she filed for divorce today.
Robin's hair fell in front of her face, so Bailey pushed Robin's hair back behind her ear.
Remy and Sydney were friends, Remy was worried about something and confided in Sydney.  Little did Remy know that Sydney could not be trusted at all.
Jan broke up with their boyfriend and cried all through the night.
At the big race, someone came in first, Riley's father came second, then Quinn succeeded them.
Carson had a acute food poison so Carson rushed to the doctors.
Sasha had a big test coming up so they studied a lot for it.
Carson went hunting with Skylar for the first time and accidentely shot Skylar in the chest.
Sydney took the part of the lead character in the play.
Kai broke Casey arm when they were wrestling.
Ash kissed on the forehead because he bumped it on the roof.
Tracy feels much better now after improving her diet and starting to exercise.
Robin worked things out with their brother and they became friends again.
Jesse had been afraid of everything, but he was no longer afraid.
Addison had an idea about a smart phone app. They called Lee and Jordan.
Jesse had partied all night long, drinking and dancing until four in the morning.
Alex to their dog to the dog park and although there was a cat there, Alex kept the dog under control.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to speak and she was so impressed she asked if she could hire her for dog training.
robin was looking for a lady bug so she looked closer.
lee made tracy a five star general so tracy commanded lee's army.
Austin took a soft tool and combed through Riley's hair.
Bailey has ridden their bike home from school and went onto the computer to chat with friends.
Tracy won the title but failed to mention that Skylar contributed to Tracy's success.
Riley kept the antique in pristine condition and kept it on their favorite shelf.
Remy was a good lawyer and represented the interests of Skylar perfectly.
Addison saw their aunt and gave her a big hug and flowers.
Carson entered their house and began inspecting it for damage.
Remy looked out the window and was amazed when they saw elephant.
Sasha received a large bonus and she decided she would take the family shopping.
Alex sat beside Jordan and started stroking his hair and his leg.
Alex served as Lee's apprentice at Lee's family owned car repair show.
Kendall sweetened the pot of food by adding powdered sugar on top of it.
Riley wanted to take the dog for a walk this afternoon. Riley took the leash for the dog.
Quinn opened her eyes slowly when she heard a scary noise in her house at night.
Aubrey recently visited a zoo and found themselves crying when they saw the animals in cages.
Skylar brought Kendall to school. She helped her friend who had an important meeting today.
Jan could tell Robins interest in the new game they bought.
Jesse wanted to travel more so he took a plane to France.
There were two men walking behind Riley who were running from the police. Riley had eyes in the back of his head because he new they were passing by.
Casey put Carson in the car despite Carson's resistance to want to go to the doctor.
Cameron saw lions at the zoo and was really frightened by them.
Aubrey asked the girl to move because the girl was in the way.
carson left his wallet at home so he pissed and moaned the entire trip.
Sydney was playing baseball and put on her hat to protect their eyes.
Kai got Addison's friends together for the surprise party with a group of people that were from school.
Austin continued reading random news so they could learn more about society.
Tracy wasn't imagining what Quinn was seeing. Quinn didn't know what it was either.
Riley applied the reading techniques to the study of science to help them learn.
Austin floated Bailey's boat into the bay and got out to swim.
Addison protected the public's interests by making sure crime never happened again.
Jan cried with joy when they found out that they were pregnant with their first kid.
Lee had a big crush on Alex and asked her to go to the movies with him.
Jordan really helped Skylar in her time of need.
Cameron ate spaghetti every wednesday for lunch after work.
Sydney woke to a noise, the took their gun and went to investigate.  In the hall a stranger stood and Sydney aimed their gun.
After realizing no one wanted to hear the story, Alex made a long story short.
Carson paid for Cameron's visit to the doctor, because Cameron didn't have the money.
After realizing that Ash was copying her work, Cameron took away Ash's work.
Jordan saw Casey's bruised face again and it made him sick to his stomach.
Sasha sent her son to college to further his education and learn.
It was Jan's birthday so they decided to bring cupcakes to all of the students.
Cameron carried this plan into effect because no one else would.
The party was crowded but Kendall's friends waved them over and Kendall waved their hand back.
Addison saved the day when she put out the fire.
Quinn witnessed a crime and was called in to the police.
Tracy had a bad flu so Alex came to look after Tracy.  Alex fed Tracy soup then put Tracy to bed to get some rest.
jan respected alex's work so she used alex's example to work.
Bailey put the ingredients together to make a great dinner for their friends birthday.
Quinn had a really bad headache so he bought pills without a prescription.
Sydney reacted very quickly and seized Aubrey's hand.
After going to the casino to play poker, Skylar lost the bet.
Kai was really loud when she spoke at the event.
Lee was going grocery shopping today after getting paid.
Jesse raised Cain all by themselves when Cain's father skipped town.
Carson finally hit the ball out of the park and got a home run.
Carson drove carefully to school when it was raining outside.
Carson ran vegetables under cold water to wash them off before cooking them.
Robin had two math problems for homework, but didn't know either of them.
Alex started going to church a years ago, he witnessed to his family and led them to Christ.
Taylor got what he needed to make it easier for everyone else.
Kai walked home from school because they wanted to get some extra exercise.
Sydney tried to get a reward from their mom for the work they did.
Alex had a new video game and invited their friend Cameron to play it with them.
Quinn played badminton at the park with his friends.
Austin put Quinn's name on the list to get into the club.
Addison checked Skylar's car for any problems and was relieved to see it in good shape before the trip.
Jan became close to him and bought him a giant steak every week.
Jordan sent out invitations to the staff for the reception Jordan is having for their success.
Bailey tossed the ball to her dog hoping that he would catch it.
Cameron saw a new movie with his girlfriend and then took her home after and they kissed before they parted ways.
Alex babysat for her friend all weekend. Alex kept bringing Addison along on her errands.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a kiss on the cheek after introducing himself.
Feeling overcome with joy, Kai ran forward and gave them a big hug.
Jan held Kendall's tongue because Jan needed to talk about the important news.
Alex took Sasha's daughter to the park to have some fun with a frisbee.
lee was an experienced tracker so he told ash to follow the trail.
Kai was feeling sick to his stomach. Kai stayed home from school.
Bailey knew that people were after his friend Alex, so he watched his back.
Sasha is not only an apprentice, but she is an apprentice to her mother and usually takes her place when she is not available.
Taylor hit the nail on the head and got a passing score because of this.
Tracy saw the ocean and picked up a beautiful rock.
Taylor gave her mom a ride to the hospital when she was ill.
Tracy spread out her money on vacation so they would have fun on their budget.
Even when Aubrey felt self-doubt, Ash knew Aubrey could do it and always made sure to tell Aubrey as much.
Alex forgot the yeast and had to run to the store to get some.
Jan made plenty of money and was able to pay her rent on time.
Kai wore headphones and listened to music to not bother others.
Kai changed Remy's opinion by making a strong argument on the charities behalf.
Addison found Casey's belongings scattered around after she dropped her bag.
Bailey asked Addison to watch her present her speech so she could get pointers.
Sydney thanked God for Sasha's assistance which really saved her in the nick of time.
Tracy kicked the neighbor out of the house for being rude to her.
After dating for 3 years and living together, Aubrey asked Skylar to be her wife.
Taylor went to the store to see if they could buy some bread for their family.
Tracy became lost in the huge and unknown city.
Carson was fed up with the slow response time and so he issued Kendall an edict.
Cameron took away Ash's toys after Ash had thrown a fit.
Jan gave Bailey another chance after he broke her heart two years ago on that raining night.
Taylor improved the patient's condition after they gave them some medicine one day.
Addison asked them what the problem was because it seem there was a problem.
Austin took a bus across the country so they could see their friend.
Bailey wants to spoil Kai for their birthday so Bailey plans a date at a restaurant and invites Kai.  Bailey travels ther and Kai joined for dinner.
Jan evenually decided to go with the blue dress instead of the red dress to their friends wedding.
Kai went for the jugular right away when the attacker came at him.
Addison worked into a department store where Skylar worked as the manager.  A customer had a complaint and wanted to speak directly to the store manager.
Riley was in a dance contest and won resulting in popularity at school.
Riley is on the school track team.
Quinn spent the money he won in a lottery ticket he bought a couple years ago quickly.
Kendall though of hiring Casey, but made Casey fill out of job application first.
Lee completed the work. It was tough and he was tired when he finished.
Kendall had a crush on a boy. Jordan told her all the bad things he does and prevented Kendall from falling head over heels.
Riley rescued Jan from having to clean by themselves.
Kai blew the wood away to kingdom come yesterday in the back yard.
Lee ordered a coffee and took it and left. Lee never paid for it.
Remy leaves one in a better mood by telling jokes and funny life stories.
Riley prepared for their reception after the wedding in two months.
Alex started to run faster when the dog started to bark at him.
Sasha threatened every record because she practiced her pole vaulting every day.
Austin took the bus to the city to see the movie at the theater.
Ash was proposing to Jordan. Ash took Jordan's breath away.
Addison found a long grocery shopping list for Aubrey's grocery trip.
Riley resumed their previous position in first place out of seven teams.
Skylar was sick and tired and gave Taylor a hint.
Jesse was asked if he had seen a wallaby and he said he saw one at the zoo,.
Cameron bought a new backpack for school and put some books in it.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye before asking him a difficult question .
Remy went to the show and had a nice time there by himself.
Quinn found money to help Robin because he was in a desperate situation.
Ash went home after college and told his parents he wanted to quit.
Sasha was afraid of spiders and when she saw one in the shower she freaked out.
Addison wanted to make sure she didn't get in trouble. Addison always followed the rules.
Lee made Sydney's arrest after pulling her over and discovering she was wanted.
Kendall threw the meeting into confusion after realize she had worked on the wrong project.
Aubrey became a success after she worked hard on the big project.
Cameron had a stab at the question about what the answer to the math problem is.
Kendall went out on the lake so she could fish and cast the line into the water.
Jan found time to play baseball with a group of friends on the weekend.
Lee was trying to take a run around the block with the dog. Lee persuaded the dog to follow them.
Taylor found the cancer long and hard but finally kicked the bucket.
alex met with their friend after the show and brought them a gift that they could open.
William was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee asked Sasha to dance at Sasha's party when nobody was looking at them.
Jan took her son to the doctor to get some shots even though they were afraid of needles.
Quinn had to lift a heavy box and needed someone else's help.
Alex put the two puzzles together all by himself because Alex was in a class with new students.
Alex always walked his dog to the park to get some fresh air.
Austin bought a new phone with the money they had leftover from their work.
aubrey was generous so he told riley to go ahead and take it.
Skylar spent time with Remy's family camping and had a good time.
Cameron spoke highly of Bailey.  They respected each other.
Jan sold candy bars to all the kids in the street and kept all the money.
Lee went to the store and bought a pack of bacon.
Now that Lee is recuperating nicely, Quinn decided to make him breakfast in bed.
Jordan rested Riley's hands on her lap and asked about the accident.
Bailey spent Addison's time for his own speech because Addison thought the crowd should hear.
Sklyar sold Bailey's watch that he loved dearly since he needed money for his bills.
Alex brushed away the ants from the sidewalk with their shoe.
Kai defined Casey's clothes in short terms as being tacky at best.
Remy went to the store and bought some groceries for a party that she was gonna have.
Alex wasn't book smart like a lot of their friends. Alex worked with their hands instead.
Cameron pleased every audience member with their dance choreography and routine.
Carson persuaded the cops to accept his bribe of money to avoid a ticket.
Lee pushed back Addison's arms when she tried to punch him.
Sasha published another story and got a lot of recognition from the other writers.
Kai taught lessons to the students and they all did well on the test.
Alex was excited to spend time alone relaxing. Alex watched a new movie.
Skylar wouldn't even look at me after I accused her of cheating.
Kendall wanted to learn to guitar and became really good at it.
Austin pulled Taylor closer and went in for an intimate kiss.
Addison met some people and set them up on a date.
Sasha spent the whole day studying so she could ace the test tomorrow.
Riley got third place in the contest in the science fair at school.
Cameron bought a skateboard and was learning how to skateboard on it.
Jesse was taking a long time to get home from college for the Christmas Holiday.
Jordan produces a lot of income annually from his business.
Cameron called in sick at the hospital, so Jordan made Cameron's rounds.
Kendall taught Alex's dog adopted from animal shelter as a pet to shake.
Remy worked really hard trying to got their story straight.
Carson went hunting with Skylar for elk.
Robin left their phone inside when they went outside to do chores.
Ash was broke but needed to get their car fixed to get to work, so Ash borrowed the money from a friend.
robin got a new job so she taught and preached religion to the masses.
Bailey got a membership at the gym and took swimming lessons. Eventually, Bailey learned to swim.
Kai saw evil in Remy's eyes as they went to the end of their scheduled debate.
Alex made a long story short and told them what happened.
Skylar got in the car and took Cameron to a homeless shelter.
Kai got Sasha's tickets from them for a cheaper price than he expected them to be.
The class was ignoring the teacher, but Alex listened to what they had to say.
Alex threw a surprise party for their friend and got them a really nice gift.
Jan performed well on the test.
Tracy needed to go to Kendall's place for dinner and found their place easily.
Austin scored a touchdown after doing their best to score it.
Jordan was late to work and wasted everyone's time. Jordan offered Robin an explanation.
Remy started to hurt a lot after dropping a tool on his foot.
Jesse put the turkey away after making a sandwich for lunch.
While on a fishing trip Riley brought Taylor forth to the lake.
Casey went in for a kiss but Jesse was unsure and pushed them away then they changed their mind and drew Casey back and kissed them passionately.
Jan and Addison are long time friends. Jan put their hands accidentally on Addison's hips.
Jesse gave their students their homework assignment. Jesse wrote it in large letters on the board.
Sydney wanted it as a pet but her mother knew it would not get cared for.
Even as a child, Lee was always a helpful sort of person.  He was the type that would give his own shirt off his back to help out a friend.
Remy put Jan's toy away after they played for a while.
Bailey was a great success after college.
Casey went back to college after years of being a stay at home mom.
Kendall played a part that night after doing everything in their power not to.
Robin picked the way Bailey picked because Bailey had really good intuition about it.
Riley walked 7 miles home after a long day of work in the rain.
Lee got money from a friend for a charity and used it to buy himself a present.
Kendall was getting their kids ready for swim lessons. Kendall signed everyone up for lessons.
Cameron stayed up all night drinking and watching movies with friends even though they had to be at work early the next day.
Aubrey succeeded in convincing their father to drive to the movie theatre.
Tracy needed help putting the gloves on, so Remy laced the gloves on Tracy's fingers.
Carson was going to wear shorts today so Carson shaved their legs.
Ash pulled up stumps for a living then gave up.
Jan eased the tracking device by adjusting a dial on the back.
Alex passed another stop sign and decided that he was lost.
Sydney needed some yardwork done around the house to Sydney asked Kendall's kids for help.
Alex just moved into the neighborhood last week. Remy found Alex attractive.
The children were bored and hyper, so Skylar took them fishing.
Addison finished her studies and ran outside to play with the dog.
Bailey, who is a senior employee at the office, smelled really bad every day.
Casey was telling Jokes and finally stopped bothering Austin.
Quinn called the dogs back inside when it got too dark.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands into the wet cement to memorialize her hand prints as a child.
Kendall tried hard to keep her job but the store was closing so she could not keep it.
Quinn divided the country into regions based on climate on the map.
Sasha wouold no longer be happy to hear about the bad news.
Casey savored every taste as she ate the whole meal.
Sydney picked Jordan's favorite music to dance to in the hopes that Jordan would want to dance.
Jan got a haircut at the salon and they loved it a lot.
Casey kept getting the incantation in the book wrong, so they urged Bailey to accept defeat. Bailey ultimately got the incantation correct and temporarily trapped the spirit in the mirror.
Kendall took awhile getting ready.
Kendall helped ease the pain of the broken ankle with the ice.
Jan pulled Sydney forward and ushered them into their reserved seat in the front row.
After making themselves some Robin asked Jesse if they would like some food.
Sydney effected their escape by meticulously covering their tracks on the ground.
Skylar used his money as the foundation of Bailey's business. They invested a lot of time and energy into it.
according to the article Bailey would be okay.
Skylar took a week off from work because they needed a vacation. Skylar decided to go hiking.
Kai put on a scary film and for effect they turned all the lights off and sat in the dark to watch it.
Alex kept Casey occupied then put them to sleep until their parents got home.
The group had repeatedly called for Jesse to come in personally to explain, but again, Jesse sent his assistant instead.
After weeks of considering her options, Bailey happily accepted the offer on the house.
the kids claimed to be sick when they are tired, quinn made them go to school.
Aubrey took their child to the hospital and skipped the line to ge tin front.
All of the kids were picking on her. Even the boy next door, Lee, made a rhyme using Bailey's name to mock her.
Sydney put it on the table though Sydney was told not to put it there by their parents.
Alex made food for her boyfriend and gave him his favorite movie as a present.
Jesse thanked the university for a grant that would allow him to study medicine.
Alex wanted to go on vacation so he raised a lot of money for it.
Skylar was hiding in the closet waiting to burst out and scare Jordan. Jordan has entered the room.
Jen answered every question because she knew more than the rest of the class.
Aubrey loved the doll very much, because it was the last thing her mother gave her before dying.
Robin zipped up and buttoned their jacket. Robin kept it closed.
Alex told his sister the sad story after he got home from work.
Addison observed that Skylar had been consistently late for work recently.
Kendall ate one cracker and spit it out after finding out it was too salty.
Cameron was studying hard for his test the next day. Cameron was nervous but aced their exam.
Taylor got cold feet when facing a challenging assignment at work.
Jesse told Cameron to relax, because she was worried about her upcoming exam.
Skylar had just gotten her tax return so she went crazy at the mall.
Ash offered Riley a ride when Ash learned that Riley ran into an accident and lost the car.
Robin acted as an intermediary for Quinn during the negotiations with a foreign investor.
Austin put her best foot forward when asked out by Justin.
Addison had been adopted at birth by her parents. Addison found her birth mother.
Sydney found several rare coins in the sand while they were at the beach.
Aubrey sprained an ankle badly and only wanted to go home after that.
Casey put Tracy's hands up. They knew Tracy had the answer and wanted to share.
Kendall stretched their legs before going jogging with their friend Lee.
Jordan paid Jan's share and it was the best share that year.
Skylar borrowed Kai's power tools to finish a remodeling project he was working on and lost Kai's power tools.
Bailey moved back in with her parents even though others thought it would be a bad idea.
Lee fulfilled God's wishes by being diligent and helping other people.
After stepping away to buy some water, Austin resumed their place in line.
Taylor started toward Robin and then asked Robin to go to the play later.
sasha resigned casey's office because they were caught doing something illegal.
I skipped school that day and Robin told my parents.
Remy got Jesse's phone back after the teacher confiscated it.
Taylor was making a cement indention and so she pressed Skylar's hands into the cement.
Robin lost their job and was going to be evicted so Robin sold their products.
Robin went into town, they went into the clothes store then after a wander around they left the store.
Riley gave the girl flowers and the girl accepted and gave them a kiss.
Sydney was a great basketball player, in the big game she shot multiple three pointers.
Skylar kept Remy commandments in her mind because they needed to remember.
Kendall stayed away from home with their children because Kendall's partner was abusive towards them.
Despite warnings from others on protecting the information, Ash told Mike a secret.
Robin shot the bull. She didn't want too but her family needed the food.
Casey felt too ill to come to the lab so Carson conducted Casey's experiment.
Kai learned to play the guitar to impress their new girlfriend.
Remy based it upon the principle because they did not want to have anyone upset.
Taylor was presenting a new idea at work, so Taylor used the graph to explain.
Alex sold their shoes to a friend for a few dollars only.
Sydney told their friend that they were having a party in a week.
sydney was always a person supporter so she made cameron give some remarks.
Jesse cut his best friend Skylar's finger and Skylar had to go to the hospital.
Jordan took Austin's role when Austin had to go out of town.
Taylor wanted to get in better shape now that the baby is getting older.
Jan and Kendall we walking to the bus stop when suddenly Jan pulled Kendall's hands.
Sydney loved her time with her boyfriend at the park together.
Skylar was so happy that they skipped around the yard.
Sasha was the gang boss of the prison and demanded respect.
Austin showed their moves out on the dance floor during the dance battle.
Sasha asked where Casey was going since the work day wasn't over yet.
Kai fixed the leak immediately after no one else could.
Jan got their car after they saved up money from working many months.
Carson ran all of the vegetables under cold water for several minutes.
Since it was cold outside and Cameron had an extra fitting sweater Lee put this sweater around Jordan, their visiting friend.
Kendall took a picture of Tracy then posted it on Instagram.
Aubrey went to get headshots taken because she wanted to become a model.
Sydney washed Remy's feet after they went outside and played in the grass.
Aubrey lost her attitude for Quinn's sake when they could tell they were getting on their nerves.
Jesse stood in the gap and helped others across the creek.
Skylar threw a surprise party and invited all of the friends and family of the person of honor.
Remy held meetings for Skylar at their office so they could give people Skylar's information.
carson was in a bad mood so he got angry at taylor for no reason.
Robin provided food for Kendall's children when she came over to hangout.
Alex went to the store to buy a bunch of different food items.
Quinn looked Bailey in the eyes and told her about the bad weather that is coming this Friday.
Carson was told bad news at dinner and immediately stopped eating.
Tracy met the parents of her boyfriend and they liked her.
Cameron petitioned the government for a new address when the assassins were closing in on him.
Sasha asked Ash's friend for advice when he went on a date.
Robin decided to bake cookies for his friends today.
Quinn worked the other day so was resting at home.
Kendall was tired of driving to school. They walked to school one morning.
Austin played a doctor in the virtual video game world to save sick players.
Kendall took us all to the science museum so we could experience the wonders of the world.
Quinn decided to make Lee's breakfast in bed and Lee was ultimately thrilled with the results.
Ash had borrowed Cameron's towel after her swim class. Ash got Cameron's towel cleaned.
Cameron asked Casey to write home. Casey neglected writing her parents too often and Cameron had begun to notice.
Sasha always liked eating out at the big and old restaurant in downtown.
Sasha was no longer friends with Stacy but reconsidered when she apologized.
Lee grabbed a ladder to climb to roof so that the frisbee could be retrieved.
Kai lived with their sister in the outskirts of the city.
Ash used his positive influence to support his teammate during the project development stage.
Aubrey sent their spouse to school to pick up the kids.
Austin decided to become a vegetarian. Austin ate potatoes, salad, and fruit for a week.
Sasha decided to stop eating meat to try out what it was like.
Lee gave Cameron a time to meet at the mall.
Looking to shoot the bird down from the sky, Ash pulled the trigger of the shotgun.
Addison got good grades on all of their hard tests at the end of the school year.
Aubrey always thought something was wrong with them and they went to see the doctor every week.
Addison covered Sydney's eyes during the scary movie.
Skylar was trying to demonstrate, so Skylar made Addison an experiment.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend hard to the point that he had to go to the hospital.
We carved a pumpkin and it look like dr. Oz.
Tracy wanted a new game but their parent wouldn't give them money. At church, Tracy took some money from the collection plate.
bailey was a kind person so she bought everything kendall needed.
Before watching the 10 p.m. news, Jan needed to wash her car and take a shower.
Jesse has big news to tell their girlfriend. Jesse acts disappointed and down in the dumps to throw off their girlfriend.
Jordan gave Jan a new one because it is Jan's birthday and Jan needs one.
Kendall purchased a new handbag online from a used store.
robin was suspicious of outsiders so she kept an eye on the man.
Alex and Quinn were assigned to be partners on the science project to be presented at the state fair.
Jordan brought them together to have the discussion.
Addison protected the public's interests by running for local office.
Kendall told Casey's kids they will be staying at her house for the week.
Taylor and Kai were at war with another country. Taylor made Kai attack the army at night.
Addison was so backed up at work that she even hired her enemy.
Taylor needed to decide whether to study for their math test or their science test. They weighed their options.
Jesse sat near Cameron and they both talked about the stormy weather.
Bailey answered all the questions correctly because she had studied hard on the test.
Skylar continued to work hard all day long today.
Jesse went to twins grandmother's house when she had the stroke in the hospital.
Kendall passed the ball to their teammate to make a basket.
Ash wanted to catch up with her friend so Ash and her friend ate lunch together.
Robin really loved to drink good strong coffee every morning.
Jordan saw someone stealing things in the store and told their mother about the theft.
Alex lived in Casey's area and they became good friends.
Jan put chocolates on the bed because they were preparing for a romantic evening with their girlfriend.
Remy took a ferry to get across the river.
Austin came close to their goal of raising enough money to win the contest.
Skylar felt confident after finally standing up to the bullies at school today.
Austin wanted to be a chef so they decided to go to school to cook.
Jan demanded Aubrey's explanation when they asked them a question about work.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck and down it during foreplay.
Kendall gave Skylar a headache with their constant chatter.
Austin wanted to surprise Sasha this year so he got Sasha money for her anniversary.
Taylor went to tennis court every day with an automatic balling machine. Taylor became quite good at hitting all kinds of balls.
Casey was attracted to Addison's husband and wanted to have an affair.
Riley looked in Kendall's eyes and saw a great amount of terror.
Cameron served Kai faithfully when they were working for them at the company.
Kendall fulfilled their mission of finding all the missing children.
Aubrey finished reading Lee's paper and then returned it to him promptly.
Carson got bit by a spider on his way back from the park.
Having horrible taste in clothing, Aubrey took Taylor's shopping advice. Taylor was a fashion designer.
Quin reached for Taylor's hand as she was falling, he saved her life.
Skylar was shot and killed after she was caught stealing a lion from the zoo.
Jesse got a new job and joined a new team at work.
kai wanted to keep kendall safe so he kept her hands at their sides.
Aubrey sent several text messages to Kai, telling her how ugly she was.
Julia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall impressed upon Remy the importance of doing what's right. Remy seems to understand the basics.
Jan gave bailey another chance to work there.
After hearing so many great stories from their dad, Quinn wanted to see the world.
Addison set Carson's phone alarm so they know when they should wake up in the morning.
Sydney took their mom to the carnival and show them all the clowns that were there up close.
Jan went blue once she realized what had happened at the event.
Jordan recently went on a long trip and was telling Robin all about it.
Jan tore the shirt apart because the shirt was very old and very nasty.
Addison went near Alex at the haunted house.
Jan finished the story after reading it for days.
Ash asked Casey anything that had to do with their great past experiences.
Ash rested on their knees slowly after winning the race in the mountains.
Remy worked for several years out of college as an entry level accountant.
Jan left Riley's keys for them so they could get inside.
Sydney ended the day with a hot shower and a cup of cocoa.
Sydney started the first day of their first job yesterday.
Jordan built a new computer with many parts that he found.
Sasha had mail in their mailbox so Carson checked Sasha's mailbox.
Taylor trained hard for years and willed themselves toward a definite victory.
Jordan rested every day after dinner and today was no exception.
Jesse spent money online buying cosmetics, jewelry and clothing.
Austin was running low on soldiers and had no choice but to send Kendall and Tom to the front line of the war.
Jordan is pig farmer and produced some bacon annually.
Tracy had enough of the debate and decided to take no for an answer.
Jesse let Ash borrow his dad's medal for a ceremony. Ash left Jesse's father's medal at the event.
alex was a risk taker so he took a huge gamble.
Sydney made a big deal about the gift they got from their friend.
Taylor asked the students about questions that they missed on the test.
Robin kept an eye out for their favorite show to be on.
Kendall shovelled snow off Austin's driveway to be helpful.
Tracy commanded Lee's army because lee had gotten into legal trouble with some of the soldiers.
Skylar gave the driver a speeding ticket after catching him going 20 miles over the limit.
Riley went to the diner and got some food for their friend Sasha.
Kendall stayed home with their children after there was a lot of snow that canceled school.
Lee was into fashon and brought back a style at their school.
Cameron was sitting in class after taking the bus to get to school.
Jesse read Jordan a story because he wouldn't go to sleep when it was close to midnight.
kai was a fast food worker so he gave addison a free shake.
Jordan was a soldier who was stationed in Iraq.  They arrived back at home safely.
Addison held the phone so that they could hear their friend talking.
Alex drove quickly down the road.
Tracy talked to Ash under the table about how to get the deal done in time.
Jan threw Aubrey back into the penalty box for another 10 minutes after their second foul during the match.
kai was always looking to help so he helped sydney's look.
Jesse had a good laugh when they went to the comedy club with others.
aubrey needed the new phone so she waited in line alone.
During the test, Skylar caught Quinn peeking at the homework page since the test question is a previous assignment.
Sasha was rushing to get appetizers ready for her expected company while straightening up her dining room.
Remy made a bet on a soccer team, she knows a lot about sports and people trust her choices.
Cameron left his phone at home and borrowed Remy's phone to watch videos.
Taylor fixed Alex's roof for free which was a big help to his family.
Kendall got very mad at people and went to the store to get some new items.
Riley showed her parents the college she wanted to go to first.
Addison had something very important to talk about, so Addison called their parents into Skylar's office.
Looking to see that everyone was ok, Lee followed in Jordan's wake.
Quinn spent a lot of time with the Kai family because Quinn's own home life was subpar.
Skylar was looking up at Jan as she drank her bottle. Skylar wrapped Jan's fingers around her own.
Quinn got things done when his supervisor said they were behind.
Robin had to leave everything behind when she moved to a new country.
Alex was in a car accident and they eased their pain with rest.
Aubrey called Casey's sister to check in on Casey when she didn't answer her phone.
Addison wanted to teach Sydney to read, but Sydney expressed no interest in learning.
lee was good at keeping secrets so he kept his lips sealed.
Skylar barred Austin's way of doing things because he was the leader of the project.
Alex lived and let live so that they could live peacefully with other members of society.
Tracy brought Austin to meet the boy's god father and catch up on life.
Lee found out that she passed the class. Lee was super happy.
Jordan lent his friend Addison the money for a new business selling jewelry.
Addison cut herself loose from the ropes and sneaked away.
Lee couldn't believe how the whole deal had fallen apart.
It was raining out and Kai was really scared.
Carson got me a gift for my birthday when everyone else forgot about me.
Quinn took Jan to the doctor so she could get checked for some issues.
Sasha was sneaking around her bedroom and then moved towards the door.
Aubrey wanted to make a good impression with Sasha. Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch.
Jesse was always open and honest with his friend's so he would always tell Kendall anything she wanted to know.
Addison was home alone at night while his parents were away on a business trip and her heard a loud thump outside his window.
Kendall played a few video games that he had received as Christmas presents.
Jesse went to Riley's house and killed her dog out of rage.
Sasha and Riley went to the mall and Riley stole a bracelet from a store.
Carson sent Tracy's furnishings to a shelter as donations.
After going to countless interviews over the past month, Tracy finally got her dream job.
After searching for weeks, Carson finally found the doll that his sister lost.
Skylar was always curious.  They found various things.
Cameron spoke of Bailey well when she talked to others.
Tracy was suspicious that Aubrey was cheating on their test. Tracy raised an eyebrow at Aubrey.
Sydney Kept Lee apart from their sister so they could get their homework done.
Taylor went swimming with friends.  They had a great time.
In their article, Kentucky gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Jordan ate healthy food because he was very careful with their diet.
Remy invited friends over for a dinner party so they could show off their new house.
Taylor found the light went off due a a bad bulb so Taylor replaced the bulb in a light.
Kendall was really good at work.  They always arrived early, helped their colleagues and stayed on late on occasion if needed.
Sasha bought some groceries later for the party they were going to have.
Kai could not find a match to study in college, he decided to study science.
Casey got their old shirt out and starting remembering past events.
tracy wanted to be a good babysitter so she took away the toys.
Cameron asked Jan what had happened after he showed up home mad and crying.
Audrey has always been a great listener to her friend in times of need.
Casey told Sydney how to execute his plan and she did it perfectly.
Sydney worked well to get noticed in business and ended up getting a promotion from their boss.
Quinn checked on Kendall's son because Kendall did not have time to do so.
Tracy was merely another helper but she always did her work well and with dedication.
Bailey asked Casey's neighbor for help when they needed a hand moving a heavy beam.
Ash works at a clinic that provides pregnancy prevention supplies to low income women. Ash receives thanks from the women who come in.
Robin was told she looked nice by many different people in the audience.
Sydney went to spend a day at the beach and got their mind off of the problems.
Sasha decided to get a paid math tutor, and Sasha spent a bunch of money studying.
Kendall was trying to stop eating so many sweets and so much junk food, so when they were hungry that afternoon, Kendall ate one banana.
Sydney got in trouble at school today but didn't tell her mom. Kendall told Sydney's mom about it instead.
Kendall was a bold child, always in trouble, fighting, stealing and breaking the law.  Bailey their guardian didnt know what to do, Kendall eventually pushed Bailey over the edge.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt at a goal by blocking Sydney's shot with the soccer ball.
Jesse was Robin's banker and because Robin was busy, Jesse kept Robin's balance in order.
Carson was an hour late for work for the fifth time in a month.
Addison used power to keep it toasty warm in the winter skiing cabin.
Kendall saw some spiders out where she was sitting. Kendall killed every spider so they wouldn't crawl on her.
Casey looked at Skylar's vitals after he passed out when they were having some drinks.
Sasha fixed Taylor's tire and made sure that the air pressure was high.
Lee dropped his shirt in the toilet on accident and picked it up.
Carson had a vacation planned soon and was looking forward to it.
Kai bought Sydney some flowers on her birthday and Sydney kissed him.
Riley wanted more pay so they produced better quality work.
Sydney was one of the last surviving members of the Donner party, she ate Kai's flesh.
Riley eased Tracy's pain when she visited Tracy at home after the funeral.
Lee also ate the rare roast beef on his sandwich.
Cameron waited for their turn in the long line at he hospital last week.
Quinn made a mistake on a poor investment and lost everything.
Lee was interviewing Jesse for a magazine, so Jesse told Lee many stories.
Kai removed Taylor's clothes to see if there was an exit wound for the bullet.
Bailey went to her rival and made an agreement to join forces.
Due to the fact Sasha accomplished all of her objectives, she has now decided to buy a car and get a puppy.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend because they needed to talk.
Kendall fell within the scope of the investigation because she was the accountant.
Jordan usually went home after school and did all of the homework for the evening.
Alex changed schools often and had a hard time keeping friends.
Kendall took out his interactive treasure map and clicked the question mark for another hint to the location of the pirates treasure.
Kai has bound Bailey together with duct tape and is laughing at him.
Kai sat and talked with their friend for hours catching up on what's new in life.
Skylar learned German on YouTube when she had a crush on a German boy.
Sasha paid the water bill after it had been cut off for 2 weeks.
Sasha pushed past Alex to get to the dinner table first.
Austin invited their boyfriend to the party they were having with friends.
Sasha set the ball down to throw a temper tantrum when it was time to go home from the park.
casey had plenty of money from being rich so he bought clothes anyway.
Kendall and Lee were out running when suddenly Lee got a cramp and fell to the ground.  Kendall stretched out Lee's legs to help.
Skylar discovered her long time lost card for which she has collected every last card.
lee was traumatized from his time in the war so he went and talked to a therapist.
Taylor told Alex what was going on at home even though her dad had threatened not to.
Sasha practiced for days but she was still nervous.
Skylar came back to the room. They were invited back into the room.
Although they were very wealthy, Robin bought clothes on sale whenever they could to save money.
Jan paid Robin's fine in full because it was actually Jan's fault.
Sydney bought several toys for her daughter's birthday, even though she already had too many.
robin was babysitting so she provided comfort for kendall's children to make them happy.
Carson wasn't looking both ways and was hit by a car suddenly.
Robin put the person in the position to have to choose one or the other.
Bailey became pregnant without planning it and decided to get an abortion.
Riley estimated the score accurately after memorizing each homerun.
Sasha divided a car into parts because criminals pay them to make the car disappear.
Cameron gave the kitten a bath since he had not had one in weeks.
Remy came up behind Jan and surprised her with some cake.
Ash helped Sasha get up after slipping and falling in the mud.
Alex won the lottery and deposited their money in the bank. Alex had so much money.
Addison found the extra money that they needed in their washing machine.
Jesse shopped one day for a new washer and dryer.
Austin woke up and eventually sent the boy to their school.
Lee fired Addison on the spot after they messed up at work.
Lee wanted to clean Kendall's room and found a vacuum cleaner to vacuum the room.
Jordan and Tracy wanted to go to the store to get some soda. Jordan told Tracy to get the keys so they could leave.
Kai pressed Skylar's lips together with his fingers and kept talking.
Austin seemed fine, but he had the dangerous ability to influence people's thoughts.
Skylar was making breakfast for their family. They boiled eggs on the stove.
Tracy woke up late but rushed and made the meeting on time.
After seeing it in the shop window every day on the way to work, Austin bought a new dress.
Casey got Jan a lavish present after she had the new baby.
Lee turned fifteen last week. His birthday party had cookies and ice cream, but Lee especially loved the chocolate cake.
As Lee was falling off the side of the mountain, Austin clasps Lee's hand, saving them from the fall.
Quinn had to draw something beautiful for their homework assignment. Quinn drew Casey's hands.
Sasha accidentally burnt the hot dogs when she was grilling.
Riley was not being taken anywhere this summer do they entertained themselves and tried to make their own fun.
Robin took up the gauntlet in the middle of a fight with others.
Jesse told their boss last night that his coworkers spent all their time in the breakroom.
Kai took a trip to the store to pick up some groceries for dinner.
Carson pulled the money away, changing his mind about buying the car.
Ash was stuck in the snow for 3 hours because a sudden blizzard had approached.
Sydney changed Tracy's way of thinking by delivering compelling arguments that were grounded in facts and figures.
Taylor was the best player on the basketball team so the coach kept him in for a long tim.
Riley thought Sasha would win and was shocked when she didn't.
Sasha got Alex's wallet back when Alex lost it.
Sydney made Cameron give some remarks in class because they new that had something to say on the subject.
Lee left Riley's purse where they agreed to put it.
Kendall bought a horse for her daughter Aubrey when it was her birthday.
Kai would play with Ash for a few hours and have a good time.
taylor wanted to find cameron but she found his seats empty.
Remy spent the day writing the outline for the sequel to her book.
Tracy robbed a bank, killing everyone except Alex. She let him stay alive.
Ash thought someone was breaking in so he got his gun.
Carson had been trying to learn how to tie his shoes for a few weeks. He finally tied them.
Lee gave Casey the ball so he could play with it for a little bit.
Aubrey bought a guitar and played a few songs for the crowd.
Kai changed men's minds on the subject of global warming that day.
Casey listened to what Jesse had to say to her.
Lee raised Quinn's head up to make sure that he was listening to her talk.
Addison bid Ash farewell and then left him standing alone.
Tracy saw Kai as a good friend like they always have been.
Carson tossed it back in the trash after realizing it was ruined.
Kai threw flowers into the water to remember the old ones.
Addison went on a date with a friend she had for a very long time.
Jesse produced Austin's result successfully. Austin was very pleased with the result.
Jordan handled the situation with class and grace.
Austin wanted Kendall's hair cut and asked if they could get it cut like that.
Taylor purchased one ticket to the show in the city.
For Christmas, Aubrey received a doll that their grandmother had owned. Aubrey loved the doll very much.
Skylar left my phone in the car and went out to get it.
Kai recommended a a therapist to help Lee called Taylor. After their first session, Lee thanked Kai for Taylor's support.
Jordan found Jan's keys out back when he went to his car to go home.
Sydney put old, worn out clothes in her backyard storage shed.
Ash marked every door that was damaged in the storm.
By refusing to stop their incredibly embarrassing behavior, Lee made Addison sacrifice her dignity.
Sydney had not heard from Casey and lost their number, so Sydney asked a friend for Casey's number.
aubrey went fishing with her new fishing rod and caught fish as well as she could.
Robin started playing a beautiful song on the guitar for her friends.
Cameron was a tree trimmer, so Cameron put the tree down.
Sydney delivered the next order and was getting ready to go on break.
Before Riley decided to defy every food order, she had to throw fries on the ground and chicken in the toilet.
Alex was waiting for a long time to get government assistance and finally received a much needed check.
Quinn was bribed lots of money but refused based on his principles.
skylar was a social person so she spent time with friends.
Everyone had looks of disbelief on their faces when they heard the teacher announce the quiz, but Ash wasn't surprised at all, and fully understood what was happening.
Carson did not have a favorite so he supported every team.
When they were getting ready for the big date that evening, Sasha put their hair up in a french twist.
Aubrey got autographs for her collection of her favorite celebrities, something she loves to tell people about.
Sasha went back to get the money when her product was bad.
Jordan adopted Kai's approach, and found it much more suited for success.
Cameron took sides when the others were arguing which further inflamed the situation.
Skylar yelled and called Bailey by name in the large crowd of people.
Addison saw the food was delivered and immediately took the food and began to eat.
Jordan gave a gift for the baby girl that was expected when he went to the baby shower for the couple.
Aubrey watched for a minute then they were able to see what was wrong.
As a nervous gesture during the conversation, Aubrey shifted their hat on their head.
Sasha had a big test the next morning so she pulled an all nighter.
Sydney found the building on fire. They called 911 to come put it out.
Sydney always made things for others better because they were so helpful.
Carson had to call for help with the camp fire that got too large and was almost out of control.
Skylar took the test first before they decided to apply to college.
Riley was making dinner for the boys. The food Riley made tasted bad.
Jan became close to the dog after she found him in the alley.
Aubrey thought Jesse was sick and brought her flowers at her home that evening.
Kendall was asked if he wanted to try sky diving but Kendall erred on the side of caution.
Austin talked about their feelings to their therapist and about their issues.
Aubrey forged an alliance with Riley to get all of the yardwork done.
Sasha bought their new shoes at the department store for the party.
kendall was blessed with a caring ability so she was really good with kids.
Remy stood by her side of her friend through thick and thin.
Austin shows his moves off to his friends at the party.
Quinn fixed the air conditioner and made everyone cool off a lot.
kai was alex's boss so he gave alex work to do.
Kai noticed the woman he wanted to and eventually did marry at first look.
Quinn was playing baseball and hit the ball out of the park.
Taylor took the joke too far and ended up hurting their friends so badly they needed stitches.
Taylor stopped talking when she was being yelled at.
Cameron ran into Remy and pushed them so Remy pushed Cameron back.
Carson got his first dog at the pound, it's named Bailey. Carson changed Bailey's name.
Kai was a tourist in a foreign country and had gone to an exotic restaurant.
Skylar has errands to run with her friend Tracy. Skylar lost her keys so to buy time she asked Tracy to use the bathroom.
Sydney was starving so she invited Kai to go out for lunch together.
Jan took her turn and ended up hitting a home run over the fence.
Austin wanted to avoid attention so Austin created a fight between Kendall and Tom.
Sydney really hated that show and decided to talk out mid-way through the production.
Their parents told them of the impending divorce but Lee and his brother kept their lips sealed.
Sydney still loved Kai, but Kai didn't want to hear from them anymore.
Sasha got near Robin so she could secretly evesdrop on the conversation.
Addison put Jesse to the task of helping Riley finish their work.
Austin paid the fee for the movie and went to see the big movie.
Quinn was bugging Jan to do something that she didn't want to do.
Bailey found out the blockade had affected food shipments, but was able to supply the school with food.
Addison wore the badge of honor with pride in front of her team.
Sasha settled among Bailey's neighborhood and thus saw Bailey nearly every day.
Casey got a ticket for speeding that was going to cost a lot of money.
Kendall sprayed the paint everywhere on the project they were doing.
Aubrey declared war against Skylar for kissing her boyfriend last night at the party.
Remy spent the afternoon writing a story to give to their friend.
Austin begged and begged to no avail, they were firm.
Robin threw the ball at their friend when they were playing a game.
Taylor was dropping her daughter off for her first day of college, so she gave her daughter a hug.
Taylor stirred men's desires for her.
Carson finally found Aubrey's bike after helping them look in the forest all week.
After getting a promotion at work, Skylar realized they had their wits about them.
In their article, Sydney gave the reader a thorough analysis of Robin worked diligently.
Austin tried their hardest to avoid stepping on the crack in the sidewalk.
In the woods, from the hunting shack, Jordan saw movement and grabbed their gun.
Casey was at a wedding for his cousin and started to cut a rug.
Jesse broke Ash's arm by accident because he was trying to get his toy back.
Wanting to move out, Jessie told their parents last night.
Addison asked if she could borrow Jordan's nintendo switch console and Jordan looked at her approvingly.
After managing to hide the bike for a month from their daughter, Remy finally gave them the gift for Christmas.
Sasha woke up to her alarming going off after being snoozed. Sasha barely made it to school on time after running there.
Jesse told everyone last night that he had been diagnosed with cancer.
Jesse created the Taylor situation by going around spreading a bunch of rumors that weren't true.
Ash played catch.
Addison gave Riley authority of all the other students when they stepped out of class.
Austin ran to the water when the house fire got to him.
Kai went Quickly from the hospital to work after their appointment.
Alex carried Kendall home after she fell and twisted her ankle at the park.
Kendall liked the music they created after many long hours.
Riley was preparing a meal for their family and chopping up ingredients.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to come visit so they could have family time and get to know each other.
Tracy's way was vague and simple so Sydney changed it for the better to help Tracy get a better grade.
After Lee had a mental breakdown, Addison came towards Lee slowly and calmly.
Aubrey loosened the zipper of Carson's pants. He had wanted Aubrey for as long as he could remember.
Lee decided that they would go ahead and marry another man.
Tracy organized another bookshelf which inspired everyone to chip in.
Addison would rather clean the dishes than mow the green lawn.
Bailey joined forces with others to start their own business.
Sydney turned Austin's heads red by tripping and dropping the expensive vase that day.
Austin met Sasha and they went on a date with each other to the movies.
Alex's mother was calling while they were busy. Alex ignored their mother.
After being elected as senator, Casey hired Aubrey to lead their new administration.
Kai added water to his pasta sauce because it reduced too much and became too thick.
Quinn texted their husband about dinner before she got off of work.
Aubrey was always driving around town for her job so she was always listening to the radio.
Tracy was at work and they needed to get things done so she obeyed Skylar's orders.
Riley finished Jan's project because Jan became ill and couldn't do the work.
Kai asked for Taylor's help on a school project knowing that Taylor enjoys the subject.
Taylor was an outdoors kind of person. They spent the day hiking through the woods.
After realizing their parent were having a violent fight at home, Robin let Bailey's friends spend the night in the spare bedroom.
After Austin came home late and very drunk, Sydney read Austin the riot act.
Jordan was visiting tourist destinations downtown. Jordan took a trip to the zoo that afternoon.
Cameron thrust upon Taylor the responsibility of running the newly formed corporation.
Aubrey took Cameron's friend out for ice cream without telling her.
Addison leaned toward their crush Kai and kissed them gently on the lips.
Taylor saved some for later after he enjoyed his meal of spaghetti.
Kendall had never tried the guitar, but after learning from Riley, discovered her new passion.
Jessie saw an ad on TV about his condition for diabetes.
Remy is about to start work writing a new pilot for a television show but first produced presentation to improve Casey's impression.
Carson entered their house and began to steal things.
Riley went to work and made a lot of money.
Sasha is a law abiding citizen. It's important to Sasha that they do everything right concerning buying a gun. Sasha purchases a gun from the store.
Ash talked Carson into leaving because they broke one of their favorite dish.
Jesse lost her voice right before a major singing competition she was to perform in.
Addison moved Jesse's end of the canoe over close to Riley.
Alex looked at the direction of Robin to see what she was doing in the middle of the street.
Tracy finally collapsed in bed and got some much needed rest.
Sydney and Kendall were having fun and acted out scenes through the ages.
Ash had came in first place at a dance competition, and it made Ash feel proud of themselves.
Riley was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Aubrey found a new home and decided to buy it with their money.
Riley published Kendall's discovery, making it known to the entire scientific  community.
Tracy hit her thumb with a hammer. Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb to make it feel better.
Aubrey made Lee go anyway to the client presentation even though he was new.
Sasha summoned another guest to the party and had a few more drinks.
Jesse spent 2 hours getting ready and picking the right outfit for their first date.  They then took a taxi to the bar.
Taylor did what ever Jesse wanted when Jesse was their boss.
Austin found that prayer gave them solace and comfort in difficult times.
according to the article Riley hung up their hat.
Austin didn't like what she was doing so he turned Quinn's character away.
Olivia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Bailey tore Remy's dress away from the thorn bush to help her out a little.
Remy grew flowers in their garden. They were growing so beautifully.
Tracy cleaned their apartment one afternoon so that it would be much nicer.
Jan accused Lee of cheating today at dinner.
Remy wanted a new phone so he went to a store to try one out.
Robin kept her jacket together with safety pins and paperclips.
Seeing a deer up ahead, Casey slammed on the brakes in her car.
Remy stole Aubrey's wallet but regretted it and gave it back.
Robin was determined to avenge their father's name and finally ultimately succeeded.
Riley helped out Bailey and gave them a start with a job.
Casey was making dinner for their parents so she came and got what she needed in the shop.
Taylor went out and got their grandmother a gift for their birthday today.
Quinn was at a school dance and was ready to jump in. Quinn went dancing.
Kai made Jan's bed for her because she was his daughter and he cared about her having a clean environment.
Jan drove home from work one night and got onto the couch and watched some shows.
Carson gave lessons to a son about the history of the world that day.
Riley and Jan are lost in the woods. Riley saves Jan's life by using their survival skills. They made it home safely because of Riley.
Cameron ate Italian food and found out some of the meat was spoiled.
Alex delivered an order to Carson in which he had to obey.
tracy got hired as a employee so he served the tables well.
Addison's mother wanted her to clean her room, so Addison put the toys away.
After being let loose in California, Skylar wanted anything and everything.
Driving home from the costume shop, Skylar felt confident in their Halloween costume.
Ash assisted the art teacher in making paint and she thanked him profusely.
Casey converted herself to Christianity after going to church with her mom.
Cameron got up on the wrong side of the bed and was grouchy all day.
Quinn was at work and put water in the machine.
Sydney gave their students detention for leaving garbage on the classroom floor.
Sydney was the last one to leave the big party, so Kendall closed the door after her.
Memories of Remy ran through Aubrey's mind. They had just been through a breakup.
Quinn saw a girl playing video games who had run out of money and put coins in the machine as a gift.
Cameron became Taylor's artist. She wanted Cameron to create a portrait of her.
Carson and Aubrey have been friends for a long time. Carson has always been afraid to ask Aubrey out on a date. But, today, Carson asked Aubrey out to dinner. Aubrey agreed to go out on a date.
Quinn used his daughter Casey's hands to knead the dough while making fresh bread.
Aubrey went fishing together with them one afternoon so they could get some food for dinner.
Tracy defrayed them in connection with crime and was going to be investigated by the police.
Aubrey was asked to baby two young kids. Aubrey spent the entire day with the children.
Sydney stayed on the course even after it started raining yesterday.
After many failed attempts but a ton of persistence, Robin made sugar cookies.
Robin got Skylar a job at the company that they worked at.
Riley left the store after she stole things.
Bailey learnt to swim with a group of friends one week.
Robin didn't have enough money so the ticketmaster reduced costs by reducing expenses.
Sydney allowed their son,Remy, to play in the mud.  They had to wash Remy's feet afterwards.
Remy asked what tracy thought about the job offer and if he should take it.
Remy stayed in the kitchen for hours and prepared another meal.
Robin provided Austin a good environment so that Austin could learn their school subjects well.
As part of the the yoga lesson, Kendall stretched Lee's legs.
Robin called them to repentance. The whole idea was absurd.
Bailey had a big garden that blossomed and provided fruits and vegatables.
Taylor saw the new video game Lee held in their hands and asked them if they could play.
Robin was certain she was going to make the sale and spent her commission before she had it.  The sale fell though so Robin had put the cart before the horse.
Skylar felt like she looked bland, so Skylar dyed their hair bright red with highlights.
aubrey got paid handsomely so he finished lee's paper for him.
Addison brushed her teeth and flossed before bed after seeing the dentist that morning.
sydney decided to go camping by themselves and leave everyone else behind.
Sasha kept the class together and made them calm down a lot.
Taylor was upset over her recent break up so Ash spent some time with her.
It was time for dinner and Jesse had everything set. Jesse called their kids.
Riley gave t heir friend some chocolate so they could both have a treat.
Carson liked to get drunk at the local bar and went there every Saturday.
Remy bought snacks for the children and they all loved them and were so appreciative.
Austin was vindictive and a grudge holder, so he sent Kendall off to war.
Lee tried to treat it naturally for years, but finally got a prescription for the depression.
Carson brought out his Bible for the family to pray because Carson thought they could find peace.
The dog looked very thirsty.  Therefore, Addison gave the dog water.
It was pouring the rain today and Carson drove carefully.
Tracy went home for the holidays and spent time with her family.
Tracy wanted Jan to stop yelling at her when she was at work.
Bailey usually walks, but they decided to ride their bike home from school today instead.
Sydney told Tracy to tell the story for her and Tracy was excited to do so.
Jan went out to fly a kite with friends several miles away at the beach.
Aubrey collected Robin's old clothes and sold them for Robin on ebay.
Alex started a fund raiser to help under privileged children. Alex ended up raising more money than their goal.
Skylar put their self to bed because they were hoping to get to Christmas morning faster.
Jordan pressed Addison's face to make sure that they were breathing.
Skylar told Alex how he felt about him.
Jordan saw a bunch of kids playing on the right side of the street. Jordan angled the car to the left to avoid them.
Carson got rid of all his belongings and moved into a new house.
Jesse liked Ash's chair a lot. Ash was thinking about home remodeling and decided to give Jesse the chair.
Sydney didn't think about the consequences and really affected a person's life.
Quinn was asked a difficult question after his mother's passing. He left aside the question.
Bailey felt Jesse's needs and met him in hopes he would be happy.
Sydney served their interests when they chose to make a rash decision.
Aubrey was married for 20 years when she got a divorce.
Taylor and their friends stole their parents' car and got in trouble.
Kai gave Austin their coat back after Austin left it at Kai's house.
Kendall was in lecture hall one day and saw that several other students seemed lost and confused. She decided to interject and ask a few questions to clarify the subject.
Jan allowed Austin access to the locked room in order to retrieve his book and coat.
They got near to grab the arm and throw them down.
After realizing they had been going the wrong way, Kai turned Skylar's car around.
Sasha had a client who couldn't have kids right now. Sasha saved the mother's eggs to use later.
Cameron gave the kitten a toy and a new bed when he brought it home from the shelter.
The rebels had burned down a village and murdered, so Addison executed every last one of them.
Even though Addison was morbidly obese he still ate a few tacos.
Bailey said something very mean and made Sasha's blood boil.
Taylor opened Ash's door to greet the friends coming to the party.
Taylor derived their opinion from the fact that the sky was blue.
Kendall lost control of their car quickly in the rain as the roads were slick and wrecked her car.
Robin rides the bus. on the foot board because very rush.
Bailey took the phone away from her child because he kept downloading games.
Kendall stayed home from school because he has been feeling sick to his stomach.
Casey made a mistake and Jesse pointed it out by correcting it.
Kendall gripped the racquet firmly in Aubrey's hands to teach her the proper grip.
Ash went to school with a friend and they got great grades there.
Carson spent time listening to his mentors as they gave him wise advice.
Carson rubbed Casey's back with lotion so they would not get sunburned at the beach.
jordan wanted to treat austin so he gave her a view.
Quinn asked Sydney's opinion about the new dress she bought.
Kai looked into Remy's eyes deeply and intimately as the night grew darker.
Kendall played ball with Ash's dad and Ash did not play with them even though they had fun.
Remy saw Aubrey was upset so he wrapped his arms around her.
Addison made a batch of cookies one day and shared them with everyone.
Jan too their son to the doctor to have him tested for allergies.
Robin looked over the charts and confirmed the business was failing. Austin made Robin's analysis known to the rest of the company.
Kendall is Jordan's teacher. Jordan failed Kendall's test because he didn't study.
There had been a shooting, and Skylar smelt blood.
Addison prevented Sasha from making dinner so Sasha planned to send Addison to his room.
Austin ensured Alex's survival at their new Job.
Robin drove Sasha to despair when he revealed that he was cheating on her.
Austin invited their boyfriend to meet his whole family for dinner.
Sydney attacked another person verbally after losing the argument that they were engaged in.
Jesse put the turkey in the fridge after he ate what he wanted.
Sasha asked Ash to come back so that she could apologize after a big fight they had.
Tracy protected Austin's skin from the hot boing temperature sun today.
Jan gave Bailey another chance to try out for the squad since she had been absent due to illness.
Kai packed his bags and caught a flight to Australia and he never looked back.
Aubrey made their living online from the comfort of their own home.
austin was a rebellious man so tracy brought austin to god.
Ash prevented disease in women by screening them for cancer.
Addison was in charge of their business and put Cameron in charge of employees.
Sasha was having dinner at a friend's house. Sasha liked the food very much.
Kai was a race car driver who had a terrible accident on live TV.  After 3 years Kai wants to race again but still has vivid flashbacks of the accident.
Kendall gave Robin flowers to plant in their mother's garden to grow for next year's rose competition.
As the court appointed baby holder, Remy placed the infant king on the throne.
Robin saw Skylar's husband's house was on fire. She called 911 and the house was saved.
Lee gave Riley a glimpse into the future of his life.
Addison held the camera in position to take the landscape photograph.
Jordan got sick to their stomach after eating taco bell that night.
Tracy listened to Robin when she was upset and just wanted someone to hear about it.
Even though he was still married to his first wife, Bailey married another woman.
Sydney had the time of her life when she was with Taylor growing up.
Bailey received money back after giving the teller a twenty dollar bill.
Jan screamed loudest when she saw the robber.
Jordan wanted to write Riley's autobiography but realized the pen and paper was left in the other room.
Remy and their friend listened to their favorite song on the radio while driving.
Remy finally called his girlfriend after the big fight.
Quinn was starving in the wilderness and found some food.
Sasha was riding Austin's bike.
Kai is an avid video gamer who accumulated multiple lives. Cameron sat down and promptly lost all of Kai's lives.
Sydney thanked God for Sasha's assistance.  They would not have succeeded otherwise.
It was a very nice day so Kai played fetch with their dog outside.
Addison wanted to go with Ash to the concert but could not get out of work.
Skylar was at the store with their mum and after much asking, Skylar's mum bought them a beautiful new outfit with matching shoes.
Tracy threw his food in the air to give to his friends.
Bailey dropped a small stack of plates while putting away the clean dishes, so she apologized to her boss, who was nearby.
Taylor had also played the drums in High School and was able to cover them on short notice.
Austin used every dollar to buy a new TV for the gaming den.
Casey was Aubrey's agent. Casey formed Aubrey's administration for her.
Ash took their pic with the president after his tour of The Whitehouse.
alex went to the cops and made his statement about the criminal.
Casey fought another time because he wanted to redeem himself after losing.
Bailey stopped dancing in front of Riley when she saw her.
Kendall ate one cracker and spit it out after finding out it was too salty.
Alex deprived Sydney of the power after being elected as ruler of the kingdom.
Ash made a mistake at work and Riley gave Ash another chance.
Skylar wanted a new shirt to go to the dance this coming Friday night.
Riley made a declaration of war on Quinn and got some supplies to go into battle.
Everyone else teased Bailey, but Carson saw their positive qualities and embraced them.
Alex made a gift and then gave it to their mother.
Taylor was having a hard time coping with life. His current counseling was not helping him too much.
After seeing the girl was upset, Riley gave the girl flowers.
Lee spilled soda everywhere. The day wasn't going very well at all.
Kendall asked Tracy if she wanted to go see Lady Gaga; she decided she wasn't going to take no for an answer.
Jan started a blog about a topic she was interested in.
Robin took the food to the counter and went back to get drinks.
Carson took their hand in Bailey's but Bailey snatched their hand away rudely.
Cameron practiced every day so she could make the team.
Jan offered a prize to the student that spelled the most words in five minutes.
Even though Quinn liked to rush into things, Kendall made Quinn use caution.
Riley met their pen pal for the first time at the bus station.
Carson just graduated from college and decided to throw a party.
Robin drove her friend's car home because her friend was inebriated.
Robin felt guilty for last night and she helped Tracy study.
Austin clapped their hands after Lee got done singing a song.
Kai stopped going to his therapist. He kidnapped Bailey and her friend and bound them together with rope.
Austin was adding paragraphs to their paper. Austin made it longer.
Jan felt Robin's interest but did not feel like making a move.
skylar fell at the ice skating rink and she finally looked at her bruise.
Kendall was trying her hardest to finish the test on time. Kendall ran out the clock trying to complete it.
Riley thought carefully and was able to accurately determine what time of day it was.
Jesse deepened Remy's understanding of the book by explaining the chapters in depth.
Bailey wanted to see the new Spiderman film, so they went to see it with Kendall.
Aubrey watched sad movies all day and then felt like she was going to cry.
Lee told Skylar a bedtime story to get them to fall asleep.
Bailey and Sasha had been friends for 70 years and lived in the same nursing home now. Sasha had a stroke and couldn't make coffee anymore. So, Bailey made Sasha's coffee.
Ash borrowed one dollar because she had to put some air in her flat tire.
Jan left work to go to the movies and watch a couple of blockbusters.
Carson performed the task with Lee because Lee had never done it before and wanted some assistance.
kendall was an amazing athlete so she got the gold medal in track and field.
Lee at with Alex for breakfast at the fancy diner they always wanted to go to.
Carson told their brother about the dog that was at the park.
Lee made enough money to book his yearly trip to Paris.
Robin conducted Jesse's affairs superbly while they were away on vacation.
Cameron put Tracy's arm around Cameron's neck. They are having a romantic walk.
according to the article Kai paid no attention.
Tracy recently saw a documentary about penguins and made a donation to the WWF afterwards.
Casey cut Quinn's hair because they want to save money.
Carson joined their husband when they went on vacation together to the beach.
Remy left his friend's house after they got in a fight.
according to the article Jan wanted to fight.
Quinn gained new clients during the merger and made a lot of money that year.
Remy saw a woman by the road in pain and decided to help the woman.
skylar was persistent so she brought home their friend to party.
tracy was just hired so she followed every order skylar gave her.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to come play some games in the park in a few hours.
Memories of Remy ran through Aubrey's mind after he died.
Sasha took Sydney's family for granted even though they did a lot for her.
Bailey was Jordan's younger sibling so Jordan felt it was their mission in life to always keep Bailey safe whatever the cost.
Jordan found Jan's keys out back yesterday after getting in his car to go home.
Alex was checking everyone's tickets. Alex allowed him to enter.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter after finding out they'd been sleeping on the street.
Jordan was going to miss Jan so he was planning to go to the store to get her a present.
Kai saw a robbery at local convenience store and Kai called out for help.
Aubrey loves musicals and plays, Aubrey enjoys art, literature, and music. Aubrey goes to a play and loves it.
Jan drove Skylar back home after they had a wonderful date at the restaurant.
Taylor felt young again after her date with Robert last night.
Quinn was getting ready to go to a dinner party. Quinn made soup for the others.
Jan told Casey's coworkers a lie and successfully protected Casey from any questions or fallout.
Jan was in the desert and was frustrated by lack of scenery. Jan kicked against the pricks of the cactus in anger.
Jan yelled at the teacher. Jan got sent to the principal's office.
After waking and wanting a midnight snack, Quinn walked across the floor to the refrigerator.
Aubrey saw Kai as a friend until Kai cheated with her partner.
Skylar borrowed Kai's power tool but lost it, when she told Kai they were not impressed as this was the sixth time Skylar borrowed and lost their stuff.
Jordan bought a new gift for their friend that was trying to get into a good colleg.
Jordan washed the disciples' feet when he saw they were dirty.
Aubrey waved goodbye to her friend at the bus stop that afternoon.
addison took acting classes, so he sounded really good.
Sydney bought the house on the spot after falling in love with the backyard.
Sasha's sibling needed to study from a particular book, so Sasha took their sibling to the library to check it out.
Riley wore a body suit to bridge the gap between Ash and them, so they wouldn't have to worry about their looks.
Kendall made the application for Casey who completed it quite impressively.
Austin wanted to give Sasha money for her birthday, but his wallet was empty.
jordan wanted her daughter to get life experience so she took her to the circus.
Robin had enough of Jan's constant lying and declared was on her.
Cameron put Tracy's arm around Tracy because Tracy kept grabbing things.
Taylor took Jan's share of vegetables because she knows Jan hates them.
Carson told their brother about school to try to motivate him on his first day.
Robin protected Jan's property when Jan was going on vacation with the whole family.
Kendall increased their score by ten percent as they played the online game.
Kai didn't want to see Casey again so they moved across country to another state.
Tracy gave Jan permission to use her scarf because it was cold outside and they had a long walk.
Addison got to see Robin today  for the first time since they went away to college.
Cameron walked right to the right instead of the left.
Jan left Riley's keys for them on the coffee table chair.
kai was new to the activity so he asked someone for help.
Jan put the race before the horse, and the horse was badly injured as a result.
Carson designed modern formats to make the project easier for his students to complete.
Austin told Sasha wife on the upcoming prom that will last a few hours.
bailey was a evil person so she tried remy's unethical experiment.
Kai went a long way to school so that they could take the test.
Robin got closer to her mother after they both started the same hobby.
Remy changed their phone number to avoid getting calls from their ex.
Alex waited a long time to get dinner, and was sick to the stomach by the time it finally arrived.
Addison wanted to go to Mexico, so they looked into flights for the trip.
Carson issued Kendall and edict to give to the people of the town.
Remy saved Austin's life when he fell into the water.
Cameron played soccer with some friends outside because it was so nice.
Austin gave a nod instead of verbally assenting to it.
Remy confirmed the answer and had to describe what it meant to the others.
Robin spoke about Alex's brilliant and creative mind that day.
Lee gave their speech a rewrite and it was a success and he won the election.
Robin broke ground on the project after a long backlog in the project.
Addison saw a raccoon outside and then saw it get hit by a car.
Carson entered their house to find the leak.
Cameron played Austin's tune right at the concert that night.
Remy gave Aubrey a goal for how fast to finish the race and Aubrey reached.
Robin gave them money for lunch. They liked to buy from the cafeteria.
Skylar was very excited knowing that it was about time to watch his favorite show.
Bailey found out that the schools were running out of classroom supplies, so she sent their supplies to the schools.
Robin managed to convince the others and avenged their father's reputation.
Tracy saw Alex's friends at the mall and talked to them.
Jan took part in affairs at the office to add a new product.
Kendall didn't want to go but Riley begged Kendall to go with her.
Robin saw Remy's doctor because hers was too busy.
Carson was divorced from their wife after fifteen years.
Aubrey gave Carson a break at work, and Aubrey took more time than they were supposed to.
Sydney deterred them from committing the prank on their friend.
Alex raised a lot of money when he realized the charity was in trouble.
Kai's association with Sydney increased after the presented a prosperous idea to the board.
Robin took several years off after high school. Robin started college this year.
Carson was not happy and so he issued Kendall the final edict.
Austin bought a new dress. They were going to a dance.
Remy went to a funeral for a friend where people expressed their sympathy for the friend's family.
Reily told the person to leave after closing time arrived.
Sasha raised Austin's voice while singing so he could do better.
Carson gave the speeder a ticket when she saw him flying down the highway.
Skylar gave Riley a really nice watch for Christmas that year.
Lee ordered items from Amazon for the birthday party they are throwing next week.
Remy began playing with their dog and forgetting about any worries they should have.
Austin needed food and hunted and killed another deer.
Remy examined this book in detail to prepare for her test.
Kai had been waiting her whole life for this trip and she finally climbed to the top of the mountain.
After writing a bestseller, Casey wrote another book. The new book is a fantasy novel.
Austin never used drugs during his time in college.
Alex never looked when they crossed the street.  They were almost hit by a car.
according to the article to  Riley gave candy to Tracy.
taylor was a scientist working on DNA so she made sure they carried out their functions.
Addison got to seehis best friend Robin after years of being far from her when she went to collage.
Skylar discussed what they needed to do to get it done.
Since Jordan got in line long before Sasha, Jordan brought the food to Sasha at the end of the line because it was such a long wait.
lee forgot to use the bathroom earlier so he had to use the restroom now.
Carson took Jordan to the movies with their friend Carson to see the new film.
They were planning a surprise party for Austin but he knew about it already.
Jesse provided Ash with understanding after Ash broke up with their significant other.
Carson gave Kendall money to buy some lunch when she realized she didn't have any food at home.
Remy killed her pet rats after she discovered they have rabies too.
casey endured the conversation longer so that they could gain some perspective.
Bailey checked Jesse's pockets to see what he had in them.
Skylar took everyone to a park to celebrate the coming of Spring.
Alex changed Addison's life for the better and got her a new job too.
Kendall decided to move closer to her friend Bailey this year.
Alex fell off their skateboard and into the ditch.
Austin could not see well, so he decided to get eye surgery.
Jordan finally saw the new bakery in town they had been wanting to try.
After answering the questions wrong in front of the entire class, Robin looked stupid and felt very embarrassed.
Cameron was able to find a way in, so he stole a bunch of money and ate all of the food.
The young kids from Alex's neighborhood were protesting police brutality. They were in line to be arrested, but Alex used their unfluence to prevent it.
Aubrey gave their resignation and was getting ready to retire.
Quinn gave Bailey a nice shirt for her birthday and Bailey hugged her after.
Sasha was Skylar's prom date. They had a very good time at the prom.
tracy was active today so she washed their dirty linen in public.
After going to the trouble to have her leftovers boxed up, Sydney accidentally left her food.
Sydney believed Ash when they said a poisonous mushroom was safe to eat.
Aubrey did Ash's work for them when they went to take a break.
Kendall drove as fast as she could to the hospital in the city.
Bailey peeked inside the door to see what was going on.
Sydney replied back before thinking through their answer and instantly regretted what they said to the others.
Robin overcame her shame and fear, and brought the accusation to trial.
Sydney read Austin the riot act after he failed his test with a twenty five.
Alex ran away to Texas and never looked back.
Lee produced a negative effect when he tried to do a science experiment.
Quinn worked hard and saved for weeks then Quinn bought a new laptop.
Jordan had to speak to his friend about an issue he had.
Sydney concentrated the water into her hands and held them up to her mouth.
Addison carried Riley away out of the burning house and into an ambulance.
Kendall is going on vacation to the beach next week.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a special gift. Ash's wife knew she Kendall didn't like her so it made her suspicious.
Carson graduated from highschool a semester early. He stopped by the principals office to pick up his diploma.
Casey found a solution to the problem she had been working on.
Alex took off for two hours because he was starting to throw up.
Jesse filled Aubrey's glass with wine during the weekly dinner party.
Riley was helping their child Ash to change a dirty shirt, so Riley brought Ash´s hands up to their head to pull the shirt off.
Addison put Quinn's arms around him in an affectionate hug they needed.
Carson was home when he saw Ash miss the bus. He quickly rushed out and agreed to take Ash to school.
Riley raced their friend to see who would make to the house first for dinner.
Jesse rattled Casey's cage and scared Casey's eight babies half to death.
Aubrey opened Casey to the possibility that their eyes might have problems.
Kendall gave birth to a new baby that year in May which was a boy.
Robin took Lee far away so they wouldn't get caught kissing and making love.
Cameron look around Skylar to look for his friends.
Even though Quinn wanted to complete the project alone, Quinn required Alex's effort to complete their work.
kendall was bored so she decided to clean the whole house.
Bailey took their kids to church every Sunday to ensure they learned proper morals.
Everyone thought that Cameron was different because she did things on her own terms. She had a mind of her own.
Addison piled Casey's tray full of food and extra desserts since she liked him.
kai would play with ash but ash thought they were too good for kai.
Remy was Kendall's tutor and helped her gain an advantage on the test.
Sasha brought the family together after the death of their grandmother.
Austin rode their bike to school so he didn't have to take the bus.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back in order to clear the airways for breathing.
Austin popped Aubrey's head in order to wake him up.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction in their relationship so she asked Robin to marry her.
Kai threw their suggestions on the subject out the window and chose the plan they had originally formed.
Casey paid the cashier after they filled up their car with gas.
Cameron pleased every audience member. They put on a fine show.
Aubrey attend their wedding day and everything was perfect for them.
Riley complained over dinner that they needed to get a new phone.
Cameron went swimming in the lake when it got nice out.
Jordan managed to escape from the jail without a hitch.
Casey stood their ground and fought off the bully for an hour.
Addison defended Taylor's position that the town needs a new park.
Sasha joined their hands together while singing with others around the campfire.
Cameron was a free spirit and he lived his dream.
Quinn looked Bailey in the eyes and told them that they loved them.
Kendall leaned forward and reached for her pen that she dropped on the floor.
Jesse went to Quinn's grandmother's house to visit quinn and give them a present.
Skylar confessed about their secret engagement before Jesse's father and he freaked out and started throwing things.
sydney broke open the pinata so that everyone could get some candy.
Kendall was a professional dog trainer, so he taught Alex's dog new tricks.
Aubrey shared dinner with Kendall's friend who has never been outside of her own country.
Jesse lost his voice during the concert by yelling too much.
Bailey wanted to have dinner so Kai Joined them.
Bailey judged the lack of righteousness by the man's actions, which showed no remorse for their victims.
Quinn saw their friend Aubrey's article was published in the newspaper. Aubrey worked hard to get noticed in journalism.
Sydney was training at the track and ran rings around the new starts.
Ash welcomed Cameron back into the group after she spent weeks in the hospital.
Kendall guided himself with everything they had into a better situation.
Jesse needed to have some keys to play with the cat. Kai got Jesse together with her keys.
Sasha backed Robin into a corner and had a knife out ready to stab Robin.
Jesse had driven their car for ten thousand miles. Jess changed the car's oil.
Aubrey's mother wanted her to learn how to swim. Aubrey took private swim lessons.
Cameron climbed the fence to escape the prison from which he was held wrongfully convicted of murder.
It was a really hot day. Quinn decided to put his suit on and jump right into the pool.
Ash got Jordan a hotdog at the baseball game.
Kai bought a shirt at the museum gift shop.
Austin called his father to come pick her up.
Sasha was lost in the forest but they made it out alive.
Sydney worked as a guide in the City of Boston's tourist office.
Riley traveled far to reach it when she saw wooden carving floating in the water.
Jesse had been away from home all year because they were studying at an out of state college, but with Christmas a few days away, Jesse went home for the holidays.
After noticing Cameron was not participating in the crowd's excitement, Taylor raised up Cameron's arms.
Taylor told Alex they were going out of town and Alex accepted his invitation to join them.
Riley is a photographer who is practicing his skills.
After Austin showed her kindness, Bailey decided to buy a car and eat fried food.
Jordan told them what Addison had said that she didn´t want to spend christamas with them.
We caught the ball and his glove after running and jumping high to get it.
Remy pleaded bailey's case to the jury, but it didn't seem to convince them.
Sasha gave Lee hands-on experience because he was new and wanted to learn.
Austin dug their own grave by telling their mom that they wanted to leave.
Jesse started to burn the cake and ran to grab it out of the oven.
Kai and Addison worked together at a gas station. Kai greeted Addison with a smile.
Kendall followed the doctor's advice, and ended up losing 100 pounds in two months.
Sydney pushed Taylor aside when a car almost running into them.
Taylor was walking to work when he rescued a stray dog.
Carson decided to learn how to do a craft. After some research, they settled on knitting to try. They bought some yarn and needles.
Remy painted the living room to make it look much more modern than it was.
Tracy bound the ankles together after finding the unknown man in her apartment.
Quinn needed a notebook and spent the money for it.
Aubrey persuaded Taylor to leave the party at their friend's house.
Jordan bumped into Remy while passing by so Remy asked for Jordan's pardon.
Aubrey awaited Cameron's answer patiently to whether he wanted to go out with her.
Skylar trusted Remy.  He would always remember her advice and keep his promises.
Quinn could not afford the trip because Quinn had wasted their money.
Ash had been applying for jobs and ended up getting their dream job.
Addison put Kendall's ideas into action and took all the credit for the success of the project.
Remy fell in love and decided to get married.
Remy wrote Skylar a note and Skylar planned to write back but had nothing to write with.
Taylor got some money from graduation. Taylor wanted to put the money away for now.
Tracy was lying in the casket so Ash folded Tracy's arms across Tracy's chest.
Austin went to the bank and took some money out feor themselves.
Alex never really paid attention in class and wasn't doing well.
Austin and Addison feel in love and became engaged within weeks of meetinf.
Jan's leather jacket was missing for a while. Jordan found Jan's leather jacket on the back of sofa.
Cameron climbed the fence quickly and continued running from the dog.
Cameron sent a quick message to Robert about the party tomorrow.
Robin put the food in the trash and carried it out to the curb.
Robin had always said that she would go first but Sydney always wanting to prove her wrong preceded Robin's death with her own.
Carson took care of Aubrey when Aubrey was feeling sick after the party.
Sydney also gave Ash a present even though it wasn't Ash's birthday until next month.
Taylor fulfilled their obligations to the country by completing their military service.
Skylar had a fun day playing games in her big house that night.
Carson was getting ready to go outside so he put on his coat.
Austin was often late to class and had to write an apology.
Remy produced her impression of Casey on the canvas and Casey was happy with the finished product.
Lee was not sure her students were paying attention, so decided to give a pop quiz.
Robin saw a broadway show when she went to New York city.
Riley called Jesse to see if they wanted to hang out, but Jesse was busy.
Casey tied and sashayed together during the dance and had a blast.
Robin helped Remy's mother with the crafts they were working on.
Austin demanded a refund for the defective tablet computer.
Quinn ate another apple after they finished lunch to quell their appetite.
Aubrey took her mom Sasha to the doctor appointment that she made the other day.
Lee gave her time to charity because she loved helping animals.
Sydney lifted Sasha's spirits by taking Sasha on a hike through the woods.
Jackson was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jordan found someone to help with all the work which pleased everyone.
Kai passed the Casey act to fight aids today.
Addison helped patients recover quicker and worked hard to make sure everyone was helped.
Carson takes the children to the beach. When Carson isn't looking the child buries Carson's keys in the sand.
Bailey is a foster child and has had a rough upbringing. She is quiet and introverted. Bailey tends to express herself through journaling and different modes of art.
After catching Austin vandalizing the girl's school bathroom Bailey gave Austin detention.
Ash went well into the forest before realizing she couldn't find her way out anymore.
Jan held Kendall's tongue while she cleaned her teeth.
Carson's brother wondered what school was like. Carson told their brother about school.
Addison called their parents into Skylar's office, after they arrived to see what all the fuss was about.
Taylor got Bailey's girlfriend a gift as a favor to Bailey who had to work overtime.
Even though Bailey was already very drunk, Jan gave Bailey another shot.
They were only apart for a few minutes, but Aubrey missed Sydney already.
Addison replied to Sasha's emergency text as soon as she could.
Lee hit a wall in trying to write their thesis and did not finish it in time.
Ash needed to see Kai before they left for college.
Jesse brought Tracy along for support when she went to the doctor's office.
Sydney gave some great advice to Jesse's friends that let to them all getting hired almost immediately.
Casey was excited to go to the new pizza joint so she put on a nice outfit.
After necking for a few minutes, Sasha flicked Jesse's tongue with the tip of their own.
Lee took typing in high school after he had failed in middle school typing.
Robin worked for months at a second job because she was saving up to buy a special gift for her boyfriend.
Bailey was in quite a hurry and bought some shoes right away.
sasha was told that the picture was too big and ugly, but sasha liked it.
Aubrey educated their children against bullying so they would be better people.
Riley pulled the hat over Sasha's head and got away with the little scheme that day.
Carson took their food outside to eat in the courtyard on a beautiful day.
Robin too their order to the counter and was told they are done serving food for the night.
Skylar was running late for dinner. Sasha ordered Skylar's food so that they wouldn't miss the movie.
Cameron whispered in Jan's ear that Jan had sat on a chocolate bar.
Sydney wasn't very good at singing but when she went to karaoke with her friends she tried anyway.
Sydney took off Kai's shoes because Kai was a child.
Austin observed every hour that there was a person in need who wasn't being helped.
Ash rested on their knees very fast and they took a nap right after.
Quinn stared at Addison for a moment and saw that Addison was concealing a weapon.
Kendall kept in touch with Bailey after Bailey went away to college.
Tracy gave Remy an expression of disgust. They earned that look this time.
Tracy brought Austin to meet his Godfather for the first time since they met.
On their first date, Carson got along with Bailey and they had a great time.
Addison threw Sydney into the sea and waved goodbye for the last time.
Alex changed hairstyles often and got noticed a lot because of this.
Carson pulled Quinn's leg to tease him about the performance.
Taylor is Kai's son's babysitter.  She puts his son to bed every night when Kai has to work late.
Riley sat by their friend Jordan's side and they talked for hours.
Skylar loved their partner and surprised them with a diamond ring.
Ash had just bought their first home and needed to decorate it.
Jan noted every problem with the design proposal and made suggestions to improve it.
Quinn spent a lot of money at Kai's store, buying supplies for school and work.
Robin's car was having problems with the engine. Robin took the car to a shop to get it looked at.
Josiah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Leo was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy supported Taylor's views and he did the same with hers.
Skylar loved Bailey in return. Skylar gave Bailey a present because of this.
Jesse and Alex are in a committed relationship and are very close.
Ash awoke the next morning and felt very well rested.
Aubrey approached Cameron in the crowded high school hallway and stood next to him.
Alex would be good at it if they practiced every day and they were determined to do so.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back and started washing her hair for her.
Jordan pushed the drugged envelope away from Skylar while wearing a decontamination suit.
Kai went to a party where no drinking was involved.
Jan packed everything up into an old suitcase.
Aubrey missed Riley's opportunity and now she was being left out in the cold.
Cameron gave Austin guidance in a career choice.
Skylar played some pool with a group of friends.
Kai saw the automobile accident up close. A baby had a completely crushed skull. Blood was everywhere.
Jan spoke Quinn's language to make sure he understood what she was saying.
Jan learned how to dance and like to practice a lot.
Jesse faced every challenge with an upbeat attitude.
Sydney told scary stories to her sisters friends on their sleepover.
Aubrey was at a restaurant and asked the waitress for napkin.
Ash pursued their way of successfully living off the grid.
Alex walked Taylor to their car after they had dinner together.
Riley's assignment was due tomorrow so she had to get to work.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple of dollars as an allowance because they are Quinn's father.
Jesse called a taxi for a ride so they could see a show.
Addison leaned toward Kai and told her the secret.
Lee gave an employee a promotion for all of his hard work.
Austin told his wife that he loved her. She smiled when hearing this from Austin.
Remy put all their eggs in their own basket during the egg hunt on Easter Sunday.
Austin did not want to leave the amusement park.
Quinn had become a professional at performing and obtained Aubrey's audience.
Sasha went to college this year.  They met new friends.
On the way home from work, Sasha purchased milk from the store.
Casey stopped bothering Austin and went on to play with somebody else.
Ash changed their ways so they would get along better with their friends.
After begging all week and even crying, Taylor persuaded their mom to let her stay overnight.
Carson wanted to take Kai on a date but wanted it to be casual.
Casey ate steak and then had some fries too.
Skylar loved dancing with friends but she couldn't go because she was sick.
Kendall was a dog trainer and taught Alex's dog to sit.
Bailey joined forces with the others so they could get the yard work done.
Aubrey thanked their friend for the nice present for the birthday.
Austin sent Kendall off to the war after Kendall finished basic training.
Ash joined a gang and started to deal drugs in the neighborhood.
Skylar decided to cheat on everyone they dated because they didn't care about anyone else.
sydney was not in a good mood so she made tracy tell her what she knows.
austin had a lot in common with them so they invited them to a party.
Bailey was babysitting a child for the weekend. Bailey took him to church.
Carson helped Kai out because he noticed Kai was having a hard time. Carson changed Kai's life.
Bailey failed the test and decided she wanted to quit.
Robin reduced costs by reducing expenses and was given a promotion and a raise.
Taylor tore Addison's eyes away because Addison couldn't stop looking at the deformity.
Austin ate all of Cameron's food before Cameron had a chance to sit down for dinner.
Alex could not figure out how to fix the door. Alex lived and let live.
Sasha went to their friend and asked to borrow some cash for the store.
Jan was an active lady who like to play games in the schoolyard after school. One time they were playing hopscotch and Jan twisted their ankle badly.
Skylar made their own costume for Halloween and it was the best of all their friends.
Sydney was staying at home while the rest of their family was out shopping.
Jessie's twin sisters went on vacation.  Jesse fulfilled their duties while they were gone.
The city had a hurricane and Jan was a qualified medical assistant and wanted to help.
Lee protected the animals from harm at the shelter she worked at.
Jesse played a last game against Remy to determine who would be the final champion for the school.
Carson broke a law but was very cunning and blamed it on others.
Ash got a letter in the mail and was invited to a party.
Jan took their wallet and the money inside it.
Tracy fit right in the club and had a great time bowling.
Aubrey told Jesse to sit down when Jesse was running all around the store.
Alex got to the store late and it was closed.
Carson bought some new bones for their dog from the pet store that day.
Quinn asserted Sydney's right to remain silent with the police.
Austin built Quinn's house. They built it in The Sims.
Sydney provided advice to people out of the goodness of her heart.
Aubrey met her boyfriend at the airport and hugged him when she met him.
Alex was too short to reach the top shelf in the pantry. Alex called upon Ash to help him.
Jesse wanted to do something nice for Addison.  Jesse built a treehouse in Addison's backyard.
Skylar went to church and admitted their sins to God for forgiveness.
Jesse finished the bag of chips but still had another unopened one.
Sasha decorated Aubrey's tree when she went over for Christmas.
Casey fought for their lives against the strong and powerful invading army.
Addison took Riley to the mall to shop for the new dress she had been asking about.
Addison ate the tacos that they got during the taco festival.
Aubrey made room for the new sofa in her living room.
Jesse hit their brother in the face repeatedly in his room.
Kai worked long hours and didn't have the time to keep up with the daily chores.
Jesse sent lunch to his grandmother instead of taking her out.
Casey performed their lines properly in opening night of the play.
Alex went travelling overseas and got sick. Alex became infected with a flu.
sasha was born with magical powers so she brought animals together.
Robin let Bailey's friends try out their Nintendo so that they could all play the new game.
Jesse's food started burning because Jesse forgot it in the oven.
Ash was so beautiful they took Jordan's breath away. Jordan immediately asked Ash to marry them when they first met.
Quinn heard Cameron's voice when they woke up in the morning.
An angel came unto Robin and Ash when they got into a car accident.
Autumn had arrived and the leaves were falling quickly. Kai spent the afternoon raking leaves.
Ash packed up Jordan's stuff when Jordan was sent to a hospice.
Tracy invited all of their friends to the party tonight.
Carson skipped rope inside during her recess class.
Sasha got a new job a resigned from Casey's office.
Cameron completed the last chapter for his reading assignment so Cameron put the book down.
Kendall included an ink well in the present even though it was not on the list with the quill.
Sydney had the time of her life at the new amusement park that just opened.
Sasha told Taylor that they were going to the movies in a bit.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley to hand them their paper.
Quinn's roommate wouldn't help during the move out, so Quinn packed everything.
Wanting to make sure that she was ready for the ball, Remy laced Tracy's fingers.
Jesse bought a new car and took it to the beach with him.
Riley looked at the moon and took a photo of it last night.
Sasha took her son to the ocean to learn how to swim.
Riley always played fair and people liked that about her.
Skylar liked to spend time with Jesse and Jesse's girlfriend a lot.
In their article, Sydney gave the reader a thorough analysis of retiring this week.
Riley had offered Lee a ride but cancelled. Riley took Lee's choice away.
Jesse drove home after a long day of work one day.
Skylar did their utmost to help and so they got some cookies to feed their hunger.
Alex needed to pick up milk and bread on the way home, so Alex drove to the store from work one night.
Aubrey made signs for the animal rights protest in the park.
Austin describes the weather on TV. People watch the news and see his forecast.
Kendall stretched their Legs and relaxed and talked to their friend Lee.
Aubrey rushed Kendall to the hospital because she got stung by a bee and she is allergic.
Sydney heard the news on the radio about her favorite actor.
Jesse had nothing to do and wanted to keep themselves entertained.
After Austin graduated, she returned to Carson where she lived as a child.
Ash brought Lee's family on vacation so they weren't alone on the trip.
Robin was upset that their father was murdered, so Robin avenged their Father's death.
Skylar changed Addison's decor in their new apartment without agreeing on it.
Alex hit a home run over the left field fence.
Sasha feed the cat every day but one day just stopped doing it.
Jordan lost their keys and looked all over and finally found them.
Robin bought the birthday present immediately after it went on sale.
Jesse saw that he got the wrong movie with a similar title, so he took the dvd back to the store.
Jan was going to drive but after finding tickets on sale, Jan took a plane to Las Vegas.
Kai spilt Jan's drink between Jan and their brother because there was only one.
Taylor visited Casey's family for Thanksgiving because Taylor's own family was overseas.
Jesse laid on Remy's back to try to straighten it out one day.
Casey spent a lot of money on a car and liked it a lot.
Tracy had to pay Sydney's income tax because Sydney was expecting to get a return.
Robin gained muscle after training for three hours a day.
Lee was late for their next class. Lee began running.
sydney helped Quinn's plant by giving it nutrients and water.
Sasha pulled the blinds together to shut out all the harsh incoming sunlight.
Jesse was decorating for the big party. He tied the bows together as a finishing touch.
Sasha wasn't feeling very well and excused themselves from the staff meeting.
Lee called everyone to wish them a happy Mery Christmas and tell them how much he loves them.
Taylor hid in their closet when she noticed intruders came through the bedroom window.
Ash loved Mexican food so much that he at Chipotle every single day.
After being away for many years studying abroad, we finally came home for a visit, and Quinn surprised us with a party.
Carson persuaded them to accept the meal and they all enjoyed eating it.
Ash looked at Bailey intensely and smacked their lips.
Taylor read Austin's mind after he paid her for her psychic services.
Tracy forced Jan's hand in marriage even though she wasn't in love with her.
Robin drove their family home from the Orlando theme park.
Skylar saved their father's medals and then decided to sell them without telling anyone.
Jesse caused Addison trouble by constantly being late and making her look bad.
Casey was in a full fledged committed relationship with a girl.
Jan took the bus to lunch without waiting for her friends.
Austin told Sasha wife about the upcoming play coming to town.
Riley used Taylor's computer to snoop around on Taylor's digital life.
Riley ate the steak during dinner along with the rest of the meal.
Riley kicked bailey when she was down and out of it.
Cameron told Kai not to come because she had to go to a meeting that was not planned.
Lee gave a lot of money to charity and was recognized by the city at an event where he received an award.
When Casey learned Jan's car had been broken into, she urgent Jan to file a police report.
Ever since they were a little kid, Quinn dreamt of having one great love in their life.
Kai rode their bike home after a long and hard day at school.
Riley did everything right, he followed the instruction strictly straight from the manual.
Ash found the perfect tree to whittle a new boy.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple dollars. Quinn often was struggling financially.
Lee will see Alex tomorrow and ask him to get the test key for him since he is the school janitor.
Kai walked home with Ash after they fell off of their bike.
Lee stared into the distance and decided that he would go to the mall alone.
Carson kept their pecker up and had to avoid running into things with the thing.
Lee took Alex's time, even though Alex was in a hurry and needed to go.
Casey needed something to keep themselves awake during the long road trip.
quinn was a tricky person so she was able to trick skylar and her cat at the same time.
casey got the family together to talk about an upcoming family vacation that needed to be planned.
Addison called their parents into Skylar's office hoping that they would listen to another adult and give them permission to go on the trip.
Tracy finally went to the doctor to take care of the problem.
Kai whispered in Lee's ear that she wanted to spend her life with him.
Bailey bought five chocolates at  a very high price.
Austin and Bailey got to know each other in gym class.
Tracy was having difficulty in English class and ask Jesse some questions.
tracy wanted to know what happened so she read the news online.
Quinn needed extra money to pay their bills.  Therefore, Quinn took a second job.
cameron was a social person so he rode together with his friends.
Remy always drank large amounts of filtered water throughout the day.
Sasha raised Austin's voice using the mixer so that the crowd could hear Austin better.
Robin was minding the grandchildren for the day so for a treat decided to make treats with them.
Riley couldn't go outside because it was raining. Riley kept asking Austin question and was driving Austin insane.
Cameron moved away and was trying to remember Ashes eye color, maybe they were blue.
Ash told Sydney what she wanted to know since she was a close friend of his.
Cameron was at work and did their job well.
skylar was being harassed so skylar left and went home.
taylor saw he needed to become a great swordsmen so he began training right away.
Jordan produced some boxes of cookies that were always in high demand annually.
Taylor put Kai's son down because he bagan to cry and wanted to be left alone.
Kai blew up a bridge. It was being demolished.
After all the other doctors had given up, Lee restored Remy's health.
Cameron's shoulders were freezing from the snow, so Carson layered towels in Cameron's shoulder.
Robin was having a hard time getting the point of the book, but Jordan contributed to Robin's understanding.
Quinn was apprehensive about what Kai was talking about. After some reasoning, Addison got Quinn in Kai's trademark plan.
Addison fulfilled Alex's mission instead of them and ultimately took all the credit for it.
Kendell wanted to see a movie with her friends so she bought tickets online.
Bailey got up early and made their kids breakfast before school.
Jesse sprained an ankle playing basketball and was trying to walk it off.
Sasha led their hockey team to victory by blocking every goal.
Bailey had a layover in New Jersey so Bailey was able to see Remy.
Skylar got their bill for the club dues and paid them in full.
Austin told Sasha's wife about the affair and blew everythingup.
Remy was one of about 100 applicants, and yet he managed to get the job.
lee had been playing soccer all day and was getting worn out.
Jesse brought the act to a close at the end of the performance.
Bailey got the cat back home after it got lost in the desert.
Alex returned Skylar's attention to the task at hand, mopping the floor.
Jan was delivering a package and they rang the residence's doorbell.
Remy leaned in for a kiss as Quinn blinked their eyes. Remy kissed Quinn.
After leaving the store, Riley wants to get food and drive to the mountains.
Robin managed expectations by dividing the work fairly among her peers.
Kai bounds Bailey together and attempts to make her disappear for the magic show.
Jordan poured milk into the big bowl of nutritious cereal for breakfast.
Addison grabbed Jordan's things on their way to class.
Lee turned Skylar's offer away and contemplated a counter offer.
Kai uttered Sasha's trademark exclamation after hanging out with Sasha a lot.
Casey held Robin closely as they tried to get back to the shore.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the table to make an impression in the clay for Taylor's latest art project.
Aubrey is a security guard in charge of patrolling the parking lot.
Alex did his own thing, he liked to read his book and then go for a swim, he lived and let live.
Kendall just had a new baby and was excited to bring her home.
Robin transmuted her mother's jewelry into gold after turning into a jeweler as a part time job.
Sydney used every effort to try and diffuse the situation.
Carson sent some photos to his friends of him at the beach and they liked them.
Alex went to the dog pound with Addison.
Carson designed a new format to take notes about chemical compounds in his Chemistry class.
Skylar had a goal of sleeping to improve productivity. They got plenty of sleep.
Ash spoke Korean but did not hear it much in their new country. Bailey used Ash's language.
Austin was ready to move on from the company, he got his things and made his way to the door.
Quinn's old laptop had been malfunctioning for months, so he finally bought a new laptop.
Taylor went swimming with friends and put off the study group with Others.
Sasha asked Casey where they were going but Casey wanted to keep the destination hidden for a surprise.
Ash assisted the student in understanding things that were going to be on the math test.
Casey made ends meet by working a bit harder at the job site.
Remy began playing with their dog before leaving for the week on vacation.
Quinn created a file on Cameron when he suspected he committed the crime.
Alex layered Carson's hands onto his chest in an intimate way.
Cameron rubbed Tracy's cheek and then painted a rainbow on it at the carnival.
Because they had just finished an exhausting and disappointing day of work, Cameron returned home early rather than staying long at the party.
Skylar was expecting her first child with Addison.  She picked up something too heavy and miscarried.
Robin yelled surprise at the birthday party for their friend.
Lee played baseball after school with their group of friends in the park.
Addison and Ash were walking through a spooky forest. Addison held Ash tightly.
Carson made progress on the report that they needed to complete for work.
Jordan's garage held 20 years of valuable treasures.  Riley went over and was cleaning out Jordan's garage and throwing things away.
Kai threw contempt on the subject for they knew it was wrong.
Kendall invited Kai to stay after they spent the evening drinking wine.
Addison helped Carson find a place after moving in a new town.
Sydney's mom gave her some money for lunch, but Sidney gave it away to a homeless man.
Jan hit her head on the ground and could not remember anything after that.
Remy was on a first date last night and had a blast.
Bailey wanted to go to college so she could get a good career.
Alex was concerned about the sick cat. Alex chased the cat as it ran from them.
Remy told Jordan that he was sorry after seeing him cheat with another woman.
Kendall went to their friend's job to pick up their paycheck for them.
Jesse asked a stranger for suggestions when he couldn't get his car to start.
Casey loved to play sports in their free time. Casey played at the park often.
Alex ran for cover as the enemy were throwing rocks at him.
Bailey layered Carson's hand with lots of papers that were required to be processed.
Carson really needed a root canal, so they made an appointment for next week at the dentist.
Kai was a step mother to Caron's son.  Kai loved Caron's son as their own.
Sydney was looking for their friends at the library. Sydney found their friends together.
Skylar dyed Casey's hair with new colors so that it would look nice.
Ash saved many people in the neighborhood. Ash was every man's hero.
Jordan's dog was being agressive towards the children. Jordan kept his dog at a distance.
While traveling on company business, Alex was asked to drive from Florida to Texas.
Robin's interest in game of thrones fan fiction was felt by Jan.
Addison checked Skylar's car for bombs and then cleared it for usage in the company fleet.
Ash loved Jan very much. They had been together for years.
kai played fetch with jan so that jan could have a good time.
jan was hungry so she wanted only cereal for breakfast.
quinn felt loving so she reached for taylor's hand to show affection.
Tracy brought Austin to a good school and really changed his life for the better.
Sydney turned her face away from Jordan after Jordan told a distasteful joke.
Cameron turned Taylor's face around so that she was really close to him and he was touching her back.
Jordan was in the back of the line when he spotted Austin. Jordan called out Austin's name from the back.
Lee was playing with Remy and pulled her hair playfully.
Sasha just began studying at a college. Alex gave Sasha some advice.
Addison supported Cameron's families decision even though they she didn't fully agree with them.
Jan was an artist who made sculptures for a living.
Addison read poetry out loud at the event for her company.
Sasha made many friends at the summer camp.
The boy, Ed, could not afford a new game.  Ed was sad.
Riley gave Casey a report after working on it for several hours.
bailey had two children in africa and taught them to express their emotions freely.
Quinn stuck her head in the sand at the beach to make her brother laugh.
Skylar found a store a mile away that had the gift she was looking for.
After months of failing, Lee finally developed a student's aptitude for the class.
Carson took Bailey's kids to a school when bailey had to go to the doctor.
Tracy ordered something and the food was excellent that she ordered.
riley was a architect so he designed cameron's houses.
Robin was terrified and decided to shoot the bull.
Ash asked her what happened when he saw her crying alone.
Austin pushed Addison away when she confronted him about his addictions.
Jesse and Addison were walking thru the haunted house when Addison became scared, so Jesse grasped Addison's hand.
Taylor had to learn how to walk again after a serious car accident.
Lee raised and trained dogs and then gave them as service dogs to others.
Robin roe motorcycles to transport them from dealership to customer.
Cameron spoke to Bailey well because he liked her.
Casey arranged a date with a woman online, then met her in person.
Bailey was asked to join an exclusive crime fighting task force.
Kendall loved horror movies and didn't find them scary.
Taylor said that Bailey would leave. Bailey was getting ready for work.
With a whistle, Carson turned Jordan's attention to the important news on TV.
Jordan had a lot to do for his school project. Jordan finished the work on time.
Lee got in a balloon and held onto the sides of the basket as it went up.
Tracy asked Austin's family if they could go with her to the farm.
Cameron heard of unexploded WW2 bomb shells in the area and bought a metal detector.
GTracy wanted to make some food so she took some meat out of the freezer.
Carson gave Addison a piece of his mind after she stood him up.
Tracy turned towards Casey and asked them if they seen the movie before.
Kendall rubbed Sasha's supple breasts while they lay in bed.
Remy came as soon as possible after hearing about the accident.
Sydney told Jesse that they wanted to go to the zoo with them as soon as possible.
Carson started dating Aubrey when they were both juniors in the same High School.
Cameron bought some seafood at the store and cooked it in their oven.
Jan put the race before the horse because she did not care about the actual horse that won.
Remy called me into the office to go over the details of my new project and increase the budget for it.
Cameron ate itallian food for dinner on that night for the last time.
Alex moved to a new school because their parents forced them to.
Bailey was an environmental activist and organized a beach clean up day to raise funds to support their cause.
Sasha is a child.  Jan needs to talk to Sasha in simple language.
Addison was given the choice to clean the kitchen or the yard. Addison chose to clean the kitchen.
Addison took Tracy's temperature and found out that Tracy had a normal temperature.
Austin was having trouble getting the hang of the new dance routine. Cameron was patient and gave Austin some time.
Taylor took Addison's lives in the video game and wound up winning at the end of it.
Quinn attended their business meeting for work with their coworkers.
Aubrey dressed and headed to work and found the office door locked when she got there.
Remy asked Jordan to dinner after Jordan showed an interest in Remy.
Jasse was going to not make in time for the event but did their best and made it their.
Cameron saw the lions on Safari when they went to Africa.
Riley gave tom some money that they took from the collective pool that everyone put money into.
Tracy learned to play the violin and eventually was invited to perform at an elite concert.
Skylar took their daughter Casey to Disneyland as their Christmas present.
Remy saw that Lee was struggling to grasp the concept, so Remy drew Lee an analogy.
Addison checked Skylar's car for any problems and fixed a belt that was in bad shape.
After finding their locker filled with shaving cream, Robin declared war on Jan.
Aubrey wanted to impress their boss, so they devoted all of their time and energy to their work.
Tracy told her parents about the fight at school.
Cameron played baseball for his college after earning a scholarship.
Ash paid attention in class every day in order to pass.
Jordan prevented Kendall's use of the car after Jordan pleaded most of the time.
Tracy took a liking to the market after finding some stalls selling exotic foods.
Aubrey always got a cold whether she was inside the house or outside.
Quinn created Cameron's computer file when Cameron was having trouble doing it.
Lee called everyone he knew to tell them the news.
Lee expressed appreciation to Sydney.  Sydney helped them find a good job.
Carson sent Bailey's forms to school because they were due before the end of the week.
Cameron turned Taylor's face toward theirs to see eye to eye.
Quinn changed three times from going to dinner first or the movies first.
Quinn say nothing anymore since she lost her eye sight when she was twelve.
Casey wanted some earrings that she couldn't afford and urged Jan to take them.
Ash took their friend on a trip to see many natural sites of beauty.
Aubrey gave Skylar the time and Aubrey was running late for a meeting.
Cameron played basketball in the field with some friends in good weather and had a good time.
Sasha needed to pay off her student loans so she sold her car at the price she stated in the advertisement.
As Sydney unexpectedly came into the room, she saw Cameron hiding something. Cameron used Sydney's desk well to secrete the item.
Alex knew the others were hiding a cat in the apartment. Alex sent the cat to their room.
Jesse wrote the name on the board of the winner of the contest.
Taylor timed herself to get home before her favorite show came on.
Sasha named another cat after she got a new one.
After losing her job, Casey went to bed and sucked her thumb.
Bailey hosted a group of homeless veterans and supplied them with shelter and food.
Addison finally took the test to get her nurse's license so she could get a job.
Casey was done eating and went up to the front to pay the cashier.
Alex won the contest after making the best pie.
It was my 18th birthday on Friday. Jordan took me out to eat.
Jordan was making pickles and wanted to put everything away before his mom got back home.
Alex took care of his granny because she was disabled and couldn't walk.
Kai had just gotten home after a long day of work at the office.
Addison took a family trip to the beach and spent all her time outside.
Carson and their wife were doing a budget. Carson went to talk to their wife.
Kendall said Alex name when she saw him in the train station.
Robin was teaching class and cast a shadow over everyone.
Taylor was walking to work when he stopped at the crosswalk.
Remy told Jordan that he was sorry for betraying him and that it would never happen again.
Kendall wanted to bake a cake and gathered all of the ingredients for it.
Taylor was being mean to Skylar and pressed his hand onto his book.
Alex did not say anything to his friend that he was fighting with.
Sydney seized Aubrey's hand as Aubrey was stealing from the cookie jar.
Jan gave Bailey another chance after they cheated on them last summer.
Alex picked up the money that was left on the counter.
Aubrey got Bailey's  new ball out of the gutter.
Sydney eats out often and always uses a fork with her food.
Kai noticed that Bailey fainted so Kai placed Bailey on the table.
Alex was hungry but had to wait a long time to get dinner.
Tracy worked hard to save up to buy Lee dinner that evening.
Jesse was in a wreck and could not have visitors so Cameron told Jesse's friends about it.
Austin was homeless and broke. Austin made money washing dishes.
After searching for his keys for over an hour, Lee finally found them.
Sasha has a van that would not start and got it fixed.
Kendall asked several questions in the meeting which the others respectfully answered before giving them their orders.
Sydney invited her friend over for Thanksgiving who was by herself this time.
Carson helped Kendall with his edict.
Kendall asked Sydney's friend to dance after she saw the friend alone in the back.
Cameron took several minutes in the bathroom because he really had to go.
Jan gave Addison an order to go to the store and get some milk.
Casey decided to model for her man by wearing his jewelry.
Aubrey was working as a tutor and helped her students to understand the lessons that they were confused about from class.
Jordan was in a political argument with Taylor, and decided to raise an important question.
Jesse loved to play football, so he signed up for the team.
Remy and Sasha met a few minutes ago. Remy cupped Sasha's cheek and attempted to kiss them.
Riley read Casey's thoughts and got her the present she was hoping for.
Jesse spent many hours focusing on studying and understanding the material. They knew everything about the subject.
Cameron provided care to individuals with special needs in a care home.
Lee went ahead and bought a concert ticket to support Remy for their birthday.
ash took their pic with the president and posted it on facebook for everyone to see.
Tracy had decided to lead the dogs away from their spot.
Carson persuaded them to accept the offer which was ultimately very bad terms for them.
Kai had a terminal illness and Kendall wanted to end his suffering.
Max's car wouldn't start for 3 days straight. Max called Taylor and Taylor got it working.
Ash bought food at a store because she was so hungry.
Cameron was helping Jan move to another residence. Cameron moved Jan's furniture.
Addison wanted to go abroad for the summer. Addison spent hours practicing their French each day.
Skylar accidentally called Bailey by another name, because Skylar couldn't keep up with all the people they were dating.
Lee developed students' aptitude with creative lessons in his class.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting as part of his art history exam.
Casey was making Jesse's wedding dress. At first it didn't fit so Casey had to make a few adjustments according to what Jesse wanted.
Riley removed their hat because the sun was not out anymore.
Tracy robbed the bank and was currently running away from the police.
Lee and his father laughed together while preparing dinner for the family.
Jan and Remy were fighting on opposing sides of the battle.
Jan answered the questions but did so under intense and heavy questioning.
Before beginning the new game with all of their friends, Riley explained the rules.
Sasha told Quinn to meet there but she never showed up.
Kendall was camping and saw a snake in a pond. Kendall picked up a rock and cast it into the water.
Amid the pleas and pomp and circumstance, Quinn supported one's decision.
Jordan found Jan's key out back and brought it to her so she could let herself in after being locked out of her home.
Aubrey made a film about animals and played it for the whole school at the talent show.
Ash sold Casey's house and enjoyed it so much he got his realty license.
Tracy needed to get to work but the car was snowed in as it has snowed all night so Tracy shovelled the snow.
Addison did a pregnancy test and the result was positive, they were so pleased they needed to tell someone so Addison quickly called their mother.
Jesse wiped the tears from Lee's eyes after they were talking about what happened to Lee last night.
Carson invited Taylor to their house while his parents were out of town.
Lee tore open the bag when the server brought him his fast food order.
Casey was looking forward to seeing the mural. Casey went to the wall in the city to see it today.
Cameron gave the class a gift after they met their reading goals for the grading period.
Sydney wrote songs for a famous musician that was from the same area.
Aubrey dropped trow as soon as she got home.
Remy drew Lee's analogy. Remy wasn't pleased with the result of Lee's input.
Jordan used Alex instrument to make a nice tune in a few minutes.
Jesse accidentally cut himself with a knife. Addison rushed him to the hospital.
Kai always played games with his friends and always won.
Sydney blew it away when the dust mite landed on her nose.
Taylor was getting bullied at school each day. Taylor told Alex what was going on at school.
Alex sent the boy to their room to stare at a wall for a few hours.
Casey brought the dog back to Jan in a bag, after Jan found it dead in the street.
Sasha was a therapist and developed a treatment plan for Austin's attitude.
Kendall and Sasha went to bed and Kendall began rubbing Sasha's supple breasts.
Remy did not have the courage to do his own dirty work, so he let Addison do it for him.
Lee exhausted every alternative and still was not ready to give up on the quest.
Lee was gesturing wildly and blocking Casey's view of the board.
Lee got hired at a new store today and he was very glad.
Skylar was sad Sydney was moving but she threw a big party for all of Sydney's friends anyway.
Alex saw Tom and Sasha cheating on the biology final exam, and reported it to the teacher.
Taylor acted as Remy's agent and got a few gigs in the coming months.
Jan went to college for four years. They wanted to be a web designer.
Jesse corrected the error Casey made on the assignment today.
Remy stole Aubrey's wallet when Aubrey was not looking.
Jesse wanted to leave the country so Jesse took a plane to france.
Skylar carried the dog outside for a walk, it was a lovely day.
Remy watched a move with their friends and got scared by the story and acting.
Cameron saw the burglar threaten the cashier, so Cameron was quickly approaching the counter.
Robin climbed a mountain after a very long hike to the base.
Remy was ready to take the walk on the trail. Remy mounted their horses and galloped off.
Carson issued an edict to Kendall to ask her to build an army.
Cameron bought every copy of her book at the store.
Lee is always saving money and working extra hours. When a coworker asks Lee to take their afternoon shift, Lee agrees.
Robin started school late because she had an appointment.
Kendall thought she started her period and found the closest bathroom fast.
Jordan and Sydney got into heated argument over politics one afternoon.
Kendall performed poorly on their important test at school.
Skylar was coming to visit after a year away from the family.
Skylar went to the mall with a friend and bought a dress.
Austin carried Casey along the way as they were on the hike.
Kendall cooled their heels off after they got home from a long run.
Riley spilt Taylor's soda when reaching across the table.
As an experimenter Carson frequently ran tests on their friend Kendall, some of which could be quite uncomfortable.
Kendall found their purpose in life after attending the workshop.
Sydney would always spend a lot of time with her friends and family.
Lee took Robin out on a date to a movie and also dinner.
Tracy took her son Austin to the beach. She used sunscreen to protect Austin's skin from the sun.
Sydney packed  up clothing to store for later.
Addison received detention as she had many times before already.
Remy ate oatmeal every morning but one day she got food poisoning.
Alex made Jesse's laws irrelevant with the passage of their new law.
Cameron hit him from behind because they didn't think they could win a fair fight.
After they had a huge fight last week, Sydney was ill disposed towards Jesse.
Addison scheduled Casey, her cat, to appear at the cat show. Addison was excited.
Casey cared for Kai's children. Casey didn't mind doing so for Kai since she was a friend.
Skylar showed their mom how to play the new video game that was released.
Taylor considered the capacity of the audience and made sure the seats were all sold out.
Casey took a plane to Florida and visited Disney as well.
Riley took Lee's choice of food into account and made sure that there was a gluten-free option at the event.
Taylor accidentally got them into trouble because they didn't know they weren't supposed to be in the park after dark.
Kendall loved horror movies and went to see the latest one tonight.
Bailey wasted food today.  They ordered more than they could eat.
austin was a boring person so he just occupied his time with work.
Jan decided to go anyway even though everyone forbade her from doing it.
Casey understood Jesse's feelings.  They promised to be nice to Jesse.
Alex packed Jesse's backpack every day before they went to school.
Aubrey opened Kai's mouth to say something but forgot that Kai was a mute.
Robin had to wait for the bus for a long time but they finally made it home.
Addison scheduled Casey to attend the show because Casey had been talking about wanting to see it for a long time.
Remy's mom needed money so they took the money over to their mom.
Austin stood their ground and never let them get their way.
cameron stored addison's data electronically so that it would be more convenient for them.
Bailey treated their parents well and she got rewarded with the toy she wanted.
Lee watched robin carefully because Robin is known around town to be a thief.
Robin told Jesse the secret to her recipe was in how they prepared the pan.
Jan locked horns with the bull mascot and refused to back down during the half time show as the crowd cheered them on.
alex was looking to make money so he sold books to a friend.
Bailey invited all of Kai's friends to the party despite Kai's request to just keep it to family members.
Lee caught Ash cheating with another man, so Lee beat Ash to death.
Alex gave Quinn some ideas about what they could wear for a Halloween costume.
Quinn let Casey sell their car so they would have money.
Remy kept her grades up to par during the 1st semester, but slacked second semester to the point of failing.
Addison put the cookies in the jar after she baked them because she didn't want them to become stale.
After noticing that the patient was no longer moving, Cameron assessed the patient's heartbeat.
Despite needing to cut back on her sugar, Taylor drank soda.
Kai asked the waiter for the check for the big dinner that he just ate.
Jesse shoveled their driveway after it snowed the night before.
Ash wasn't good at sports and often sat on the sidelines. The coach put them in and Ash helped their team.
Addison took their first plane ride with her parents from their home to Tokyo.
Jordan finally decided to show Jan how he felt about her and kissed her lightly.
Skylar asked Quinn to see her new house after they redecorated it last weekend.
Robin cleared Kai's mind by singing a soothing song that they listened to as children.
Kai lost Austin's phone when they were at the cinema.
Remy looked at the cat right in the eye the other day.
lee wanted to take pictures of the people at the party while they were having a good time.
Skylar is a social worker dealing with the homeless.
Tracy was always good and finally they were rewarded for their hard work.
Jordan had never played mini-golf before until Casey popped Jordan's cherry.
Ash told Mike a secret after Mike was sad about his life.
Alex felt protected behind Carson because Carson was strong and capable in a fight.
Taylor didn't want to go to the party because they didn't like being around many people.
alex was learning to meditate through his chest so he drew in a deep breath.
Cameron and Taylor knew each other from school. Cameron became Taylor's artist.
Casey thought they would easily attack Kai, but then Kai broke Casey's arm.
Jesse made Robins costume for the Halloween party.
Austin had Taylor by the short hairs and refused to give him any room to move.
Kai defined Casey's clothes in short terms of how they describe Casey's style.
Sydney was struggling with an assignment so asked for Alex's help.  Alex formed Sydney's whole essay.
Austin was broke in a different city and took a job as a waiter.
cameron was a social person so he rode together with his friends.
Bailey's game of tennis did not go well, they lost every match.
Sydney also gave Ash grief over the bad news that they got yesterday.
Tracy drove to the store and bought a get well soon card and then gave their mom a card.
Alex looked in Robin's direction when she let out a big belch.
Remy was very overweight and was told to go on a diet but Kai caught Remy in the act of eating cookies.
Robin took anything to make her feel better.
Ash saw Cameron's husband and her approaching to say hello.
Sasha provided Addison with new opportunities after Addison had been making many different errors.
Lee was feeling depressed from all the bullying. Riley stopped teasing Lee for awhile.
Jan satisfied their desires when pizza was ordered for the children.
Jesse liked the idea for the birthday cake and executed it perfectly.
After getting everything else for the party ready, Kai bought drinks for the party.
Casey ran the children back to their friends house for a few minutes.
Addison visited the pet store she's never been to to buy cat food.
Sasha blew Remy out of the water when he was drowning.
Robin helped her father get a big sale. Her father got promoted.
Kai needed a ride home after school had ended.
Jesse came in before class began and wrote a note on the board for his professor.
Sydney had been dating Taylor for a while now and they tried to kiss Taylor.
Bailey was shocked that she saw her friend Riley who she hadn't seen in years.
Alex got so mad about the speeding ticket that they hit their car.
Aubrey got autographs for her collection of her favorite celebrities, something she loves to tell people about.
jordan did not want to be rude so he said it in a another way.
Jan performed the task well after practicing all week.
Robin wanted to surprise her mom so she got her a gift.
Austin had never been on a train before, and found the first ride to be incredibly relaxing.
Quinn spent the money quickly after earning a bonus the week before.
Riley waled down the driveway and to the mailbox.
Addison fulfilled Alex's mission instead of them because Alex was not as capable an agent as Addison.
Cameron gave advice on how to play baseball to others.
sydney had stolen something from aubrey and aubrey made sydney explain.
After finding the joke funny, Kai decided to write his own jokes and take comedian classes.
Tracy is Carson's mother. When her son started crying, she gave him a pacifier.
Austin rides bikes and performs stunts on them for a living.
Cameron gave the class instructions about how they should do their homework.
Skylar told Alex felt a little worried about the prom this Sunday.
bailey was a health nut so she ate healthy food all the time.
Tracy asked Lee to give thanks when they got something new from someone.
Jordan didn't want them to fail so he was the one that held their team together.
according to the article  Carson immediately stopped.
remy taught the pet to think even though everyone said it would be impossible.
Riley saw that Jan was in trouble, and saved Jan's life.
Alex signed a rental agreement to live in Jan's old apartment.
Ash gave Jan an opportunity to work at their job.
Austin begged and begged people to vote for the proposed legislation.
During the tryouts, Kendall performed well enough to enter the scope of winners.
Robin let Bailey's friends play games on their brand new Nintendo console.
Kai was a tourist in a foreign country and had gone to an exotic restaurant.
Kai was out running and slipped on a mucky path and fell into a puddle.
Cameron brought his family to the park for a nice picnic.
Jesse drew the lines and numbers on the sidewalk in chalk.
Cameron Handled the dangerous chemicals using kid gloves instead of proper gloves.
Kai was teaching a group of kids to play soccer. Kai became effective on Ash and the others.
Tracy is Riley's very large and strong pet snake.
Jordan wants to do something for others. Jordan donated blood.
Taylor was starring in a film and played the character of Taylor during film development.
Aubrey declared war against Skylar because he didn´t do what she wanted to.
lee just got his paycheck so he decided he would take his friends to buy food.
Carson asked Sasha to marry him so she finally gave him an answer.
Kai played professional basketball and was named MVP.
Riley asked the committee Casey's questions about building a park at the meeting.
Aubrey decided to get a pet so they went to the local pet shelter to see what was on offer.  After much deliberation Aubrey picked a small ginger cat to take home.
Remy didn't like their food so they played with it and threw it around.
Casey loved her new job and told everyone about it.
Jordan went along to get along and did that for quite a while.
Cameron was angry at Sydney's brother for cheating with their girlfriend.
Carson was diagnosed  stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Carson started writing a blog online.
Austin showed Bailey kindness and bought him some groceries when times were hard.
Taylor called a cab because she wanted to leave the party early.
Quinn always took his phone with him. One day someone asked him direction on the street, Quinn searched it on the phone and helped them.
Skylar took advantage of the opportunities that were offered by their superior for career advancement.
Ash realized he was out of milk and made a trip to the store.
Kendall bought the tickets for her friends since they couldnt afford them.
Jordan is a priest who during a sacrament washed the feet of his congregation.
ash took riley into the bedroom and cured his boredom.
Jordan was invited to sing a song and so had to learn the song by heart.
Riley went beyond the scope of the assignment and created a huge presentation.
Cameron impressed Skylar's boyfriend by her extreme beauty and her beautiful singing voice.
Kai won the contest at school. They always won it seemed.
Aubrey watched movies all day and got very good at movie trivia later that week.
Lee was trying to pick a shirt to wear, but he eliminated every possibility.
Lee needed a tablet for school, so they decided to purchase a new iPad.
Carson started coughing a little bit and went to the doctor to get better.
Alex chose to repair the vase because it was a family heirloom.
Skylar grabbed Cameron's bag to give to Cameron so that they could go on their trip.
Addison, a skilled surgeon in her field, made Bailey's incision with accuracy and precision.
After a successful interview, Kai was hired immediately and asked to start the job next week.
He tried to kiss Jan so she slapped him in the face.
Ash dropped Robin's keys when she handed them to him in the parking lot.
Remy met another comic lover at the convention that she went to.
Lee painted the wagon with a new coat of paint one afternoon.
Quinn got bullied at school but other students stepped in and helped them out.
Jesse made things right after they forgot their friends things at home.
Riley walked to the library because she heard a new book she wanted was finally there.
Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to her mom during the tough period she was going through.
Aubrey was getting married today but Addison got drunk and embarrassed everyone.
Even though Riley had been smoking for many years, Jordan persuaded Riley to change their bad habits.
Casey used money to get food for their children, but didn't have enough for themselves.
Alex fiddled with her cup while Rome was burned down in a movie.
Sydney told Jesse she would watch her kids while she went to the interview.
Addison made sure they were on time by getting a good nights sleep and setting two alarms.
Jordan told Riley that they hoped the suffering will end.
Riley pulled them to safety and helped the others get back on land.
Bailey asked Casey's neighbor to stay out of their business causing tension between them.
Reagan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar developed their best offer for  Lee. Lee turned Skylar's offer away.
Addison received detention after the fight and felt bad about the whole situation.
Remy filled their empty canteen with water, then put it back into its holder.
Aubrey wanted to be closer to Skylar so they pulled Skylar closer to them.
remy was a bad person so he stole aubrey's wallet.
Jordan gave a ticket to his friend so he could come to the show with him.
Taylor was a paramedic who gave the patient CPR, and Taylor saved the patient's life.
Cameron gave Quinn a couple of dollars and asked them to go to the store for bread and milk for dinner because they were too busy.
Addison drank a glass of water and walked outside to the car.
Jesse thanked the university for a grant because of his grades.
Riley understood the circumstances around Quinn and offered her support and assistance to him.
Remy took melatonin because Remy could not sleep with all their anxiety.
Robin kept their stuff together so they could pack it in suitcases later.
Austin wasn't sure if they were still going to the movie they wanted to see that night so he asked their girlfriend.
Addison grew to be despised within Kendall for all the awful actions she had taken.
Jan was playing the piano at a show at the grand opera house and it went so well that they struck every chord correctly and the audience loved it.
Alex expected Robin to answer the phone when he gave her a call.
Austin got full at dinner after ordering a ton of food.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat and invited him to pet her.
Sydney turned Austin's head forcefully after he looked away from her during an argument.
Casey set Remy's dishes on the counter before washing them for her.
Sydney bought gas station tacos early in the morning to have something quick for breakfast.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for the party next weekend to be nice.
Austin wanted to get into the priesthood, so to prove their piousness, they prayed everyday for a week.
Riley had a show and tell at school and brought his fishing rod. Riley taught the class how to fish that day.
Quinn tried hard and studied a lot, but they just could not pass their driving test.
Addison was unpacking their belongings. They found the movie in the box.
Sasha admitted having a huge crush on Kai to everyone at school.
Tracy declared their love to their boyfriend and decided to get married.
Jesse and Sasha just watched a very interesting movie together.
Jordan took Sasha to an amusement park. It was a few hours away from home.
Addison bullied Casey every day at their school.
Alex fell out of the tall tree and heard a loud crack when they hit the ground.
Sasha required Taylor's amount of the bill before she could pay for it all.
Bailey raised her concerns to fiance who didn't seem to care much.
Carson assisted Casey in making reservations for the big dinner this coming Monday.
Taylor planted new plants and watered them so they can grow.
Alex sold their old phone because they wanted a new and better phone.
Jesse found out that a girl in his class had been to fat camp that summer and Jesse wrote that fact on the board.
Austin used every dollar he could save to enroll in college.
Bailey gave thanks to life because he won the lottery last Friday.
Jesse went to the mall to buy a homecoming dress.
Remy knocked the glass to the ground after she had broken it.
Jan brought their grades up by getting the extra help that they needed.
Tracy smoked pot in the school bathroom and accidentally got caught too.
Bailey Joined forces with their friend to work on a project for school.
Tracy said they'd leave after a week, but Tracy stated here another month.
Riley preached the gospel to every creature in the terrarium to practice.
Kendall loved to play football but he hated soccer, but football season was over.
Ash, who remembered her purse was on the counter, and Jan quickly turned around while Ash was driving Jan's car.
Jesse was holding his test to turn in and dropped it into the crack between his desk.
Riley left the school at the end of the school week.
Jordan made room for Tracy on the couch so they could watch the movie.
Taylor put the ingredients in and mixed together the batter.
sydney was bored at home so she went to the mall with jan's mom.
Quinn fought Alex after school when he took his lunch box out of the locker.
Everyone was doing a roast on each other, but Sasha took the comments to heart.
Austin decided to cover for Addison;s work shift, taking her hours for her.
Quinn texted their husband that night before going to sleep before the meeting the following day.
Alex drove to the store from work one night. He wanted a few snacks and a soft drink. Alex had a sweet tooth.
Cameron asked his girlfriend if she would marry him next year.
Jordan's daughter had been begging to go to the circus for weeks. Finally, for their daughter's birthday, Jordan took them to the circus.
Lee went to the movies with Riley's friends and they all laughed at the big summer blockbuster.
Kendall told Robin that she had hit someone on her drive home so Robin brought Kendall to the attention of police.
Remy loved Italian food so much that he ate it several times a week.
Alex had a housewarming party at her house without getting permission from her roommates.
skylar was tired of the blood feud so she made amends.
Austin got Sasha money for her birthday and Sasha was not happy about the gift.
The karate class watched as Kendall came forward and was able to break through the fourth wall with her kick.
They came into the force to serve in the army for 10 years.
skylar wanted to be funny so she called bailey by another name.
William was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley studied all night and got a passing grade on the test.
Ash joined together to form a circle with all the people who invited him.
Cameron reduced his weight by reducing his daily calorie intake of his meals.
Jordan wanted to surprise me with a weekend away for our first anniversary so Jordan asked my friends about my favourite holiday destinations.
Tracy saw Alex's friends at the mall that evening even though they didn't like each other.
Lee had a lot of fun at the fair with her friends.
Carson prevented Sydney from reaching the edge so that she wouldn't fall off.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend at chess during a big competitive match between them.
taylor was a great friend so he offered ash an opportunity.
Bailey got cash from the motorcycle that she sold in the local paper.
Casey is a pizza restaurant that burnt down in a kitchen fire and now there is no where to hang out.
Quinn laid next to Jordan and was grateful for every moment.
Riley invited Aubrey over to Addison's house because they needed a ride.
Bailey bought some new clothing from the store and wore it to the show.
carson was tired of the group he was in so he joined another group.
In the middle of the woods, a strange animal approached Skylar; Jordan pushed them away.
Casey asked god to help because they have no one else to turn to.
Addison got impatient with their training and took control of the machine too fast.
Lee rested upon Alex's shoulder while watching a movie.
Carson filled Cameron's shoes with glue after Cameron did something even worse last week.
Riley was concerned that it was cold outside and that Sasha wasn't dressed enough.
Sydney was reading by the pool when Ash wanted Sydney to watch him do a dive he had been practicing, so Sydney watched for a moment.
Aubrey opened their mouth to say something silly to their friend Kai.
Lee let the dog out without checking to see if the gate was closed.
Remy satisfied every wish for the others who asked for htem.
Kai bought a bagful of toys. Kai gave them to a children's charity.
Kai moved through the gears as they were shifting them on the race track.
Kai felt that the laws were too strict for young men so to support them he made the laws more lenient to try to prevent them going to jail.
Sasha was at a business meeting, and they met new people.
Remy taught themselves how to think through math problems before the test.
After months upon months of meticulous planning, Jan set their plan in motion.
Alex got Carson's order for what they wanted for dinner.
Bailey was scared to move, so Riley kept in touch with Bailey the whole time.
Alex took Cameron on a date to their favorite restaurant.
Austin wanted to finish the chores and reached the goal with out much effort.
Jordan got in a car accident and took Bailey's life.
Skylar was watching a movie and Remy´s mother was talking to him, so he decided to ignore her.
Lee's friends were too drunk to drive so Lee took her friends home.
Quinn was driving his truck and got stuck in the mud.
Lee made Carson a wife out of plastic bottles and cans.
Riley was at work, and had gone out on an errand for his boss to pick up some merchandise, and then Riley returned to the store.
Jan and their friends looked forward to seeing the movie.
Casey hid in Jordan's room to get Jordan back for playing a practical joke on them.
Jan was responsible for training new employees on the point of sale (POS) system and how to greet customers.
Riley was really really good at spelling and won a contest.
Addison earned her presents with sweat and a lot of hard work.
Casey followed the stranger to a far location getting lost.
Riley knocked on the door to the house and told people to be aware of the storm.
Kai was shopping one day and saw the others going to a movie.
Quinn watched ''Learn French in 25 Minutes'' videos on their phone during a long journey on the train.
Remy put the bottom rail on top so they wouldn't fall out opf bed.
Carson wrote the review online and gave them one start because the service was crap.
They found out the truth and preserved no reputation and apologize for the misunderstanding.
Jordan returned to Sydney's car after running into the store to get some groceries.
Skylar took the offensive play because it seemed more prudent to be aggressive against the opponent.
Taylor set their minds at ease when they asked if they were in trouble.
Alex took his purchases to the car and dropped them while trying to unlock the trunk.
casey wanted to be a man so she wore men's jewelry.
After Bailey broke up with her cheating boyfriend, Casey bought her a drink.
Taylor changed Cameron's opinion after making a logical case for it.
Jordan used Alex's instrument without their permission and hoped they would not find out.
Tracy made it home in time.  They were able to have dinner with their family.
Addison ran the marathon and got first place by a wide margin.
Kai wrote a letter today to send to their longtime boyfriend who is stationed overseas.
Jesse told Carson where to put the left over materials when they finished the project.
Riley fell of Sasha's bike. Riley blamed Sasha for the accident.
Alex lived in Casey's area and Casey thought of Alex as a good friend so she bought him a gift.
addison did not have power so he called the electric company.
Robin dreamed it would begin to snow and went sledding when it did.
Aubrey was struggling with troubles in their lives. Aubrey offered tribute to the gods, asking them for help.
Jesse faced every challenge to his title of champion.
Aubrey and Skylar were neighbours who did not agree on anything, after Skylar painted Aubrey's fence without permission, Aubrey declared war on Skylar.
Lee sent a serious email to their friend about the new store that opened.
Casey took her chances with Austin by going on a first date with him. They had a good time.
Austin improved Lee's situation by giving Lee some cash to get started in life.
Robin wanted to make his classmates laugh so they let loose a huge fart.
Jan was helping Quinn save money, so Jan put Quinn's money in the safe.
Sydney told Jesse that they could help do the yard work so they could get it done quicker.
Addison got a lot of good gifts at her wedding shower thrown by her sister.
Bailey got a friend fired from the store that they worked at.
Cameron and Remy were dating and decided to introduce each other to their parents so Cameron went to Remy's house and saw Remy's dad for the first time.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants down and was surprised when she didn't take the joke well.
To get their friend some much needed cash, Remy sold Carson's car for a high price.
Kendall surprised Tracy's friend at Tracy's house for her birthday.
Carson gave Addison a piece of his mind after Addison threw eggs at his house.
Jesse changed their number to avoid bill collectors.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble after seeing him make a silly mistake.
Ash was learning how to walk and took a few steps. They finally fell down.
Quinn was happy that it was her birthday because they got to have cake.
Kai loved the piano, and always played it to practice for concerts, even though some people said it was a waste of time.
Carson changed Bailey's name because it reminded her of a bad person.
Addison was putting books together for a publisher. Addison bound the books together.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job and that she is tired of her just laying around the house.
Casey was in a dance competition at school and she will perform the routine effectively.
Bailey didn't see anything happen when her sister was robbed right in front of her.
Robin moved to another city to get a new job and to make more money.
There was a robbery at the store Alex worked at. The investigator came and Alex gave him an interview.
Kendall found a new job because their current one was not going to last much longer.
After digging in the desert, Riley told Taylor what they had found.
Lee talked to many people and made Carson a good wife.
Taylor gave the dog a treat after the dog came up begging for one.
Lee checked online for any new deals for a brand new vacuum.
carson was in prison but he quickly read jan's letter.
Austin was asked to speak at a meeting. Austin put her best foot forward.
Austin made the scanning device easier for his clients to use.
lee broke his leg playing soccer so he injured himself badly.
Jan made Riley object to ever utterance of the priest that stood before them.
Bailey watched a how-to on youtube to learn the woodworking craft.
Jesse needed a ride with his car in the shop so he hailed a taxi.
Jesse wiped away her tears after she cried her eyes out over the loss.
Skylar asked Austin's boss if a raise was in the works.
Riley left their job. It was about time to make a change.
alex was a helpful person so he took drinks to the car.
Robin was getting married and then got married later that day.
Addison scheduled Casey a time slot in the horse show at the very end when people were tired.
Lee was a 5 star general and raised and led armies to fight.
Riley bought a new cat from the pet shop and showed it to her parents.
Quinn sent Robin to school even though she was not feeling well.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept the gift even though had broken up over a week ago.
Bailey made people happy with their cleaver jokes they told.
Kai got Sasha's tickets for them because Sasha was going with Kai to the concert.
Bailey bit their finger and drew blood on it and became very sad.
Cameron visited a bank on the way back home and used ATM. Then Cameron took money home.
kai was a idiot and tasted some weird meat.
Jesse wrote a song then performed it at their parents 40th wedding anniversary.
As the state's number one expert in gynecology, Ash often prevented sickness in women.
Kendall played football with Ash's dad after a long day and wound up winning the game.
Jan celebrated Aubrey's birthday but Aubrey got mad at her.
Sydney sat right next to Jordan and refused to leave him until she knew he was alright.
Austin went to hunt with a family friend and they did not find anything.
Robin was new in the law firm and got her first case. Robin analyzed the case in terms of the law.
Quinn dropped their computer on the way to class, so Quinn had to get their computer repaired.
Kendall drew Cameron as an inference in her study of human behavior and conditioning.
Sydney kept the home fires burning because it was cold outside.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to go camping at the national park.
Kai was a great baseball player and won the MVP.
Remy love Tracy too much, and ended up going crazy worrying about something going wrong.
Quinn saw Aubrey's article in the paper and told her how great it was.
Quinn found the time to help Robin after cancelling his plans to watch a whole series at once.
Bailey didn't want the others to suspect them so they pointed the finger at someone else.
Tracy was telling Jan they needed to take hold of the steering wheel.
Quinn was feeling sick so he decided not to go.
Ash ensured Kai's safety while they were on the airplane.
Cameron was always adventurous.  Cameron lived their dream of skydiving.
Cameron ate the pizza when his friends said they didn't want it.
Lee set the table for the rest of the people that were going to be at dinner.
Remy spent any money they had without telling the others.
Sydney went ice skating and had a great time with her friends.
For the past 2 years, Sasha has been helping with the development of a new software system for her company to use. Sasha and her team put together a timetable to meet their goals and achieve their aims.
Austin cried a lot. However, he found when it was over he felt better.
Lee gave Aubrey a hug after their big musical performance.
Riley was always on the computer surfing the internet. Kai limited Riley's use on there.
Riley laughed hysterically.  They peed on their pants.
Cameron gave the class their snacks. They did not have to do it.

Prompt word count: 6.
Tracy went to help after a bad storm hit the neighbouring town.  As Tracy walked along the street she found debris all around and much damage to property and cars.
Sydney moved around a lot, and was never able to get settled in one place.
robin was the best criminal investigator so she caught remy and brought him to trial.
Taylor hurt Lee's feelings and didn't even care about it.
Casey looked over Kai's shoulder to see what he was writing at work.
Skylar was holding Ash close to them, and had tightened their hold on Ash because it felt good.
Hannah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Carson was so generous that they even gave their medicine to the needy.
Lee was struggling with some issues and was fighting to get through them. Lee finally found peace after all.
Despite doctor's suggestion and friend's advice, Quinn ate pizza everyday when Quinn had diarrhea.
Remy dated his girlfriend for three years and then decided not to marry her.
Alex got Carson their order of fries and put some salt on it.
Cameron took away Ash's new toy because he was being bad.
Skylar bought their son a basketball hoop for their birthday and they liked it.
jordan needed some money so he put her car on the market to be sold.
Kendall had nothing better to do so he decided to clean the house.
quinn was running from the police so she jumped the fence.
Jan found the perfect spot to skip class and play on her phone.
Kendall pushed Bailey over the edge when she was about to bungee jump.
Riley went beyond the scope required, and ended up giving the perfect presentation at work.
Kai put confetti and streamers all over the house. Kai played a prank on their parents.
Riley heard a loud noise from her car so she pulled over to safety.
Jan visited their relatives in an effort to cheer them up.
Sydney saw their house and was in love with it.
Ash spent all morning in the kitchen baking and making chocolate cookie dough.
Tracy thought they might want to eat so she made some food for everyone.
Robin kept Kendall on ice to give her more game time experience.
Casey cleared Bailey's name even though nobody else believed in Bailey.
Carson created Riley's own dynamic site which featured a lot of colorful images.
Kendall was giving Bailey such a hard time. Kendall pushed Bailey over the edge that she had to scream.
Addison signed Ash up for lessons that he needed to pass his class.
Sydney made a special isolated dinner for herself, all alone in an empty house.
Kai worked hard and asked the coach for more playing time.
Kai who was new at the school decided to ask Jesse's name.
After school, Casey met the friend at a bar so they could study for the final together.
Aubrey tried to get along with them because they were making an effort to be friendly.
Jesse forgave men their sins and regressions.
Bailey shot and killed a bear and later ate the bear for a yummy dinner.
Remy took a quick nap because they were unable to sleep last night.
Ash's car broke down and they didn't have the money to fix it.
Addison was directing traffic during a road race. They performed their duty.
Jan considered the arguments separately when the kids were talking to them.
Addison was looking for the bottle she was supposed to use for her project. Addison found the bottle in the trash and wiped it off.
Quinn felt very lonely today. But, thankfully, a group of Quinn's friends was planning a fun party that evening.
Aubrey wasn't sure about the whole thing and decided to think about it.
Skylar waited upon hand and foot for the people to finish working.
Sasha's car was broken down, so Aubrey took Sasha's mom home from work.
Kendall was an excellent cook who enjoyed prepared food for their family.
Remy started running again after they were in a bad accident.
Although it was an important review day before the final exam, Lee fell fast asleep during their first class of the day.
Casey found Skylar's vitals and told Skylar that they needed to exercise more.
Kai told Kendall that he wanted to go out with her and have a date sometime.
Addison felt much better after going to the doctor appointment.
Taylor tailored their presentation to make sure that it was understandable and effective.
Lee was eating his lunch at the restaurant and he saw a rat run by.
Sasha was working a nurse when she accidentally gave a patient the wrong medicine and he died.
Bailey loved to cook fancy gourmet meals so they cooked Lee dinner.
Jordan never got a driver's license and made other people drive for him.
After spending the day arguing and being mad at each other, Bailey got the better of Addison.
jordan needed to set the record straight so he had a word for everyone.
Tracy hurt their arm after punching the wall in frustration.
Cameron let Taylor live in their big home without paying any rent at all.
Kai didn't want to break the glass so he carefully put the glass down.
Jordan found Jan's slick back attack in basketball to be smooth.
Tracy heard the dog behind Kendall and screamed very loudly too.
jesse ate some of their food and bailey had no food today so jesse was generous.
Sasha found a thin, sickly dog in the woods and took the dog to a shelter.
Sasha and her husband had to get up super early so she set their alarm clock.
Lee gave a homeless many some money to get some food for himself at Subway.
The man was trying to decide whether or not to buy the computer. Jan persuaded the man to buy it.
Kendall bought Jordan a really nice watch when it was their birthday that year.
Kai organized the line of the class since the teacher picked him as a line leader.
Tracy was going to Texas to see a rodeo. Tracy headed towards Austin.
Remy grew potatoes in their garden, although, they don't like or eat potatoes.
Jordan immediately went home and went to bed fast.
Jan told Casey's coworkers what to do by turning on a megaphone and announcing it in the office.
After her good friend Alex passed away, Addison fulfilled Alex's mission.
Jesse watched music videos before his date with his girlfriend at the restaurant.
Jesse knew that before he went off to work he would need to feed his friend's pet.
Alex showed his lost friend the way out of the forest maze at the park.
Austin saw what was happening and was starting to get sad.
Skylar closed the window because he felt it getting too cold.
Carson assisted his boss Casey in making important reservations which impressed Casey.
Casey was angry with the things that Taylor said so they gave Taylor the cold shoulder.
Riley found her life in her hands when she faced down a tiger.
Quinn was trying to leave before Carson wanted her to go, so Carson grabbed her wrist.
Riley restored the meeting to normal after much laughter and chaos ensued following a joke.
Jesse put the turkey back into the oven after baking it for twenty minutes.
Addison was very good at her job as a nurse, and did great at improving the morale in the patients.
Skylar broke her bike and needed someone to help fixing it.
Alex seized all the products he could from Austins opportunity.
Lee held out Skylar's arms while they were dancing.
Sasha Express Skyler's pain because she felt bad for her after she broke down.
Sasha tried hurting men's souls. She had a grudge against men because of her past dealings with them.
Skylar was reluctant of trying sushi for the first time. Skylar decided she would like it.
Aubrey was on stage with the winner list in their hand. Aubrey announced the winners.
Riley ate the cake and offered some to the guests as well.
Remy filled the air with perfume and everybody in the room started choking and coughing.
Ash was diagnosed with diabetes after eating 2 tons of sugar.
While they were on a very long hike, Sydney lost Kai along the way.
Sasha used multiplication to determine the tax on the new pair of shoes that they wanted.
Jesse met Kendall and their wife for the dinner they were invited to.
Riley forgot the appointment was that day and had to reschedule after missing it.
Cameron needed to get change for the bus, so they looked through the couch cushions because they thought they might find money there.
Jesse brought home the money they earned that day at work.
Remy jerked Aubrey's head back turning sparring practice in a dangerous maneuver.
Jan looked forward to seeing her dad but there were a lot of things to do to get ready.
Sydney turned heads when they attended class wearing their new designer jacket.
Jordan invited Jan over for dinner after taking a cooking class.
Quinn was gone from her home a long time for job training. As she unlocked her front door, she wondered if Tabby cat and Rover would even remember her.
Riley visited his dad for the first time in the new mansion up on the hill.
Skylar had a long and tiring day of work. Skylar left to go home.
Quinn sent Cameron when he heard Cameron's husband died.
Austin bought snacks so he could eat during the movie.
Taylor paid wages to the man, but the man wasn't pleased and felt shorted on pay.
Carson always had a fond opinion and admired their aunt.
Sasha ordered some pizza for lunch every day that week.
Tracy gave their partner a puppy and everyone watched it very happily.
Skylar was the supervisor at his office and asked all of his employees for pitches for an assignment.
Taylor improved the patient's condition after completing the surgery with complete success.
Skylar told her friends how much she disliked her math class that day.
Kai had the only key to their house, until Jesse took the key in Kai's hands.
Robin turned back the page to re-read the materials and gain a better understanding.
Jan tossed Aubrey back the pen when Aubrey asked for it back.
Tracy played defense and they protected teammates from injury.
Bailey served their ends when they were unable to.
Lee met people's children as he was a pediatrician.
Riley wanted to make sure that Jan's project got accepted by the science fair.
Addison walked out the room when she was done. Lee closed the door behind Addison when she left.
Cameron wished he would win the contest. Cameron got their wish when the results were announced.
Casey was confused about the process, so Kendall made Casey an application.
Bailey accepted one's hand when she needed to get off the horse.
Quinn knew Lee well and was surprised Lee lied.
Aubrey liked reading very much and always went home to read a few chapters every night.
Casey bought a new pair of shoes because his old pair began to fall apart.
Jesse made her decision and ruled that it was okay to drop out from school and start a new business.
Robin made an ass out of Cameron when they showed everyone the video of him kicking a dog.
Carson gave some tips to a neighbor's son which actually caused the boy to lose the race because the gocart violated build specs.
Quinn dreamt of one great love and decided to propose when he felt like he had found her.
Aubrey read their book and learn a lot of wisdom from it.
Kai played a prank on his friends who thought it was cruel and uncalled for.
Jordan looked and saw Casey's red face again and smiled happily.
Quinn played with Skylar and the dog in the park because there was nothing else to do.
Jesse was taking care of Alex's cat for the weekend while he was gone.
jesse was feeling bored at home so he watched music videos.
Skylar tried to convince their brother to stop smoking. Unfortunately, Skylar was preaching to deaf ears.
After a long drive they finally arrived at the hotel and Jordan got Lee's things out of the car.
Addison didn't go away, no matter how much the other kids made fun of her.
Sydney wanted to clean their glasses. Sydney took their glasses off.
Sasha saved the mother's belongings as the bulldozers razed the house.
Jesse impressed Skylar's parents to the point that they offered her a job.
Jordan took their toddler to school a few hours later than the original start time.
Quinn brushed Ash's fingers softly with concern in their eyes.
Jan wanted to catch up on the world happenings. Jan watched the news at 10 p.m.
Ash raised and supported their child even when they were bad.
Austin listed every animal in the zoo so that they could learn the names.
Ash found peace for Alex's souls by praying to God and hoping for the best.
Remy ran outside to play and forgot to shut the door. Addison came and closed it behind Remy.
Sydney's advice lasted Skylar a lifetime and helped her become a strong and successful policeman.
Ash's son didn't want to watch the movie with the others. Cameron told Ash's son to stay and they could bake cookies.
Once Lee became upset and started to cry, Riley stopped teasing Lee.
The patient was kind of grumpy so Taylor talked to them and cheered them up.
Skylar carried apples outside and gave one to each of the kids playing.
Casey visited family in Florida and brought their Christmas gifts there.
Carson waited to go back to the car when they were at the beach.
Robin forced himself upon Casey who resisted immediately and forcefully.
Sydney gave away money to charity for kids.
Alex made Carson's inspection for them so they could go on vacation.
Taylor learnt Japanese to go on her trip to Tokyo where she wants to eat alot of sushi.
Robin brought Remy to trial because Remy needed a car ride to get to the trial.
Jordan held their team together during the championship game when their best player got hurt.
taylor was all about business so he clearly defined the agreement in terms.
Cameron put the book away and other people began to read their own books.
There was a heavy storm in the area. But Sydney delivered the next day packages to everyone.
Cameron broke Casey's heart that it almost killed her from heartbreak.
Alex gave thanks to God during a Thanksgiving meal with Alex's family.
Skylar had to do the laundry and then visit the pharmacy, so she advised Tracy to go.
Kendall fell within the scope of qualified candidates for the job.
Tracy was hoping for her first kiss from casey. After their dance, Tracy turned towards Casey.
Lee was headed to the store, when he went inside Lee left their bike.
Aubrey wanted to see Kai when she learned that Kai had been in an accident.
Ash grabbed Carson's head in a warm and loving embrace that was also a bit forceful.
Ash held Jordan's gaze when they were having a romantic moment.
Aubrey provided Ash and overview of what they were doing so they could start on the work.
casey went to australia and saw their grandma while in the desert.
Jan took Bailey all day to a carnival that had come to town.
Sasha depended upon the length of her paper to get a good grade in the class and failed.
Riley did experiments for the study and noted the results for the paper.
Alex served Lee's apprenticeship because he wanted to help out his friend.
Kendall gave robin flowers but robin's spouse saw them and confronted kendall.
Jan improved Bailey's life by recommending her for a promotion at work.
Tracy protected Austin's body from the sun with a thick layer of sunscreen.
Jesse shared Jordan's love and lived happily ever after together.
Bailey gave the opportunity to Austin in order to see what would happen.
Alex led Quinn into the room where the people were waiting to surprise Quinn.
Austin had to extract the infected tooth from Austin's mouth.
Ash would be late to work and had to sneak in to not be noticed.
Jesse was having a hard time understanding the situation, so Jesse sought Sasha's explanation.
Jordan took a joke that was played on him even though he got hurt.
Jan demanded an explanation from Aubrey after realizing she ate all the pizza.
Sydney finally got revenge, but didn't stop there and so she also gave Ash hell.
Carson was worried about his friend in the hospital but saw that his friend was doing well the next day.
Jan was in charge of the big catering job. Jan handed down orders to what was going out next.
Lee had a big crush on Alex and was happy to have her affection returned.
Sasha was succeeded by her son when she was ready to retire.
Austin was often late. It caused him to lose his dream job.
Jesse thought they had found something good for their collection so they got it checked out.
Bailey used her power to control the other people in the small locked room.
Taylor had done all the preparation and chopping in advance, so when it was time to start cooking, Taylor put the ingredients in the pan.
Robin put the cart before the horse and felt like a fool in front of the boardroom.
Remy taught people in class a lesson on good financial management and planning.
Sasha tried to see men's souls through the lens of sexual seduction, but only ever saw their lust.
Austin put Kendall and Teresa at odds and Kendall did not appreciate it.
Casey was new at school and sat by herself. Sasha walked over and became Casey's friend.
Sasha took more towels to the bathroom after realizing there was none in there.
After setting the car in neutral, they got out and pushed. Aubrey set the car in motion.
Lee cheating on the test was none of Remy's business in the class room.
Kendall´s apartment was always messy. Kendall was getting tired of his roommate´s laziness, so Kendall said another word to him.
Jan passed the test with flying colors and soon went on to get a good degree.
Addison acted serious when the situation called for it with Austin.
Ash's abusive ex-husband asked Sasha where Ash was. Sasha knew Ash's hotel.
Tracy wanted to hire Sasha to go some undercover work to catch their boyfriend maybe cheating so Tracy greased Sasha's palm to entice them.
Riley prepared for the big reception and set all the tables.
Austin went to the dance anyway and had the time of their lives.
Casey was showing Tracy how to do the pose properly and so she put Tracy's hands up.
Riley begged to differ when their friend said pizza was the best.
Someone was selling honey from a local farm. Robin bought it immediately.
Addison identified a child at risk and called social services.
Addison was a tutor helping Ash and gave him some hints to narrow Ash's choices down.
Remy wrapped Quinn's arms around her and tightly hugged them as if it were the last time they would see each other.
Carson invited a girl called Taylor to his house. Carson really wanted to impress Taylor.
Lee packed Jesse's suitcase for the trip to Europe.
Sasha asked Casey to follow them and checked to make sure they were there.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey in because they were fighting at that point in time.
Kendall was never at practice for the basketball team but she still contributed to the team's success.
Casey met their future spouse at a bar on one of the only nights that they went out instead of staying in.
By having three jobs, as a chef, salesperson, and carpenter, Carson wore too many hats.
Sydney also gave Ash hell, the same as he did with the rest of them.
Casey told Sydney he still loves her, and filled Sydney's heart with joy. He asked her to accompany him to Hawaii for a week's vacation and she agreed.
Skylar met Alex for the last time before Skylar moved overseas for a new job.
Quinn found money to help Robin pay their bills at the end of the month.
Casey saw his sister's first report in the paper, so he called her to congratulate her on the success in her journalism dream.
Lee met the stares of the crowd went they went on stage and gave a good speech.
Robin reached an agreement with Jordan about the use of the car.
Quinn got bullied every day at school. They were afraid.
Lee has been sick and missing classes so Aubrey finished Lee's paper instead.
Bailey discussed this matter in detail. It didn't change the bottom line.
The boss entered the room and asked for volunteers. Kendall was reasonable and stood up.
Aubrey got their girlfriend a gift since it was their birthday.
Skylar brought the beat back after the speakers had died at the club.
Skylar's car broke down in the middle of the road so Skylar called the auto club to tow her car.
Jordan gave Casey the picture of both of them together.
Robin was trying to build a fire. They got the wood first.
Kai and Sydney dated for several years. Abruptly Kai breaks up with Sydney and refuses to speak to her anymore. Sydney is still in love with Kai.
Kai was walking around the city and gave people hugs.
Sydney tip tap toe in her mother's shoe and was dressing up and looking in the mirror.
Jesse rode a roller coaster fearfully after his friends pressured him to try it.
Addison drank a glass of water and walked outside to the car.
Kendall had lost a job. Kendall asked Skyler to lower the rent, Skyler complied with Kendall's request as an apartment owner.
Casey hired Aubrey, who was an attorney that could help Casey fight the unfair traffic ticket.
Jordan took the five year old twins to the state fair and they got lost. Jordan finally found them.
Kendall applied for a new job and got the job the very next week.
Ash looked at their mother with inquisitive eyes before asking questions.
Kai joined her for dinner after winning the race at school.
Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner and asked if he would help.
Sasha opened Aubrey's mouth and looked around inside for any evidence of cavities.
Jan played volleyball on the beach. It was a fun day for her and her friends.
For a surprise party for a friend, Aubrey involved everyone in the surprise.
Addison knew one of his friend's secrets but let it slip to his other friends, Matt and Tom.
Sasha was teaching in school and asked a question. Sasha looked at Bailey and required an answer.
Jan screamed the loudest during the scary movie.
Sydney passed her driving test that she spent time studying for. Sydney finally started driving.
Cameron walked his date to the door of her house. Cameron placed a soft kiss on their date before leaving.
Bailey paid money to the state after finding out they underpaid on their taxes.
Sasha notice a sign stating that there was a yard sale on the next block.
Aubrey bought a large chocolate cake for her birthday, ate the whole thing by herself, and then ordered a pizza.
quinn was confused so she stared at addison for a moment.
Aubrey wanted a new dog more than anything and her parents got her a puppy for her birthday.
Jan wanted to spend time with their sister. Jan took their sister to the lake.
Cameron broke my leg with the baseball bat because they were mad about not receiving their money.
Lee felt the force keenly on his back as he was picking up the stone.
Austin finally turned around because they were sick of the person shouting their name loudly.
Sasha voted for the winner with her feet by drawing a line in the sand on the beach.
Amelia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall was a waitress and made most money in tips.
Riley made enough money today, that he went shopping for clothes.
Kai needed to clean up the yard so he spent the afternoon raking leaves.
Robin did not want to make dinner so she picked up some pizzas.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the new book that he had just finished writing again.
Quinn starred at Addison for a moment when they were looking at them in the store.
Carson told Robin they felt cold. Robin crossed their arms over Carson's chest.
Carson got better at archery after practicing for months at the archery.
Skylar was at the hospital after having their first baby.
Austin finally found the perfect dog for him. He has wanted one for a long time.
Jesse hung up their boots when they got home that night.
Many peoples rights were being trampled by the authorities illegitimate rule, but risking it all, Sasha asserted one's liberties.
Remy took their parents to court after being deceived in their business dealings.
Lee searched the kitchen and Jan's house they they could find something to make them for dinner.
Austin is very religious but has been making choices that violate his beliefs.
Robin drove their car home after her father was admitted to the hospital.
Carson gave Kendall money so that Kendall could go pay the monthly bills.
Taylor told Sasha to leave the party. Sasha's bad behavior embarrassed Taylor. Sasha stumbles away and calls Taylor the next morning.
Cameron brought his lunch to the picnic and ate far too much of it.
Quinn decided to double check the accuracy of his work.
Jordan made room for Tracy at the dinner table that night.
Jan taught Casey's children how to swim since they lived close to a large body of water.
Robin quickly became tired. They had been getting no sleep at night.
Remy met Riley's neighbors. They seemed to be nice people.
Sasha took a turn for the worse because of an unexpected event.
Remy added tickets to their collection, so they had a good time in the amusement park.
Ash got the best of Sasha when they were joking around with each other but Ash thought Sasha was funny too.
Bailey wanted to get Remy's attention so Bailey stood in Remy's way.
riley was casey's subordinate so he gave her a report yesterday.
They had read a lot of good reviews of the new pizza place, so Sydney decided to give it a try.
Jordan visited Aubrey's grandparents with her and had fun near the shore.
Casey gave their girlfriend candy because it was her birthday.
Remy invited Aubrey's friend to the party but she did not invite Aubrey.
Tracy gave her mom a very special present for mother's day.
It was time to go to Disney for the first time. Robin was super excited.
Taylor told Alex what was going on when they found out that Alex's partner was cheating.
Riley asked Casey's questions at school, but Casey pretended she didn´t see her and walked away.
Kai used tools to help his friend change a flat tire on his car.
Carson "went hard or go home" because you needed to being risky or just not try.
Quinn was in a company meeting but felt like screaming and swearing.
Austin was on a fast to lose weight and ate nothing for a week.
Remy was unsure about how to do the project so Quinn provided a good framework for Remy to work from.
Taylor took the toy away after the children were caught fighting over it.
Sasha did not see Lee at school.  They asked Lee's mom for Lee.
quinn saw kai had fungus on his feet so she made him an appointment with the doctor.
Quinn returned from an hour long marathon and smelled bad to those around him.
what called austin for their dad and help.
Riley was not having a good time so he blew that pop stand.
Before watching the movie with friends, Remy made popcorn on the stove for everyone.
Austin allowed pets in their house except for in his bedroom.
Carson lived a block away and regularly volunteered at the shelter.
Kendall followed the doctors advice and recovered quickly.
Casey felt Ash's eyes because they were swollen.
Sasha spent two hours for studying.

Prompt word count:.
Quinn made a lot of assumptions before finding out the truth.
Carson needed money to pay his bills he was behind on. Carson stole the money to pay for it.
Tracy had been hearing gnawing sounds and seeing droppings. Tracy was able to catch the mouse responsible by using some cheese.
Austin had served two full tours in iraq, then he came home from the war.
Tracy drew questions from the data and presented them to the committee for review.
Jesse mortgaged their house and gambled with the money, but Jesse lost every penny.
Jan wanted to measure Addison to make some new clothes, so Jan put cloth on Addison's hips.
Austin was a very devout Christian, and Austin prayed every time he felt lost.
Riley disliked it when other people touched their possessions, but Cameron moved Riley's things.
Ash ensured their safety when they were going on the boat by giving them life vests.
Ash wasn't just being reprimanded by the parents for being so reckless, Sydney also gave Ash hell.
Jesse was driving to Riley's house to deliver their pizza, soda, and fries.
Alex gave advice and mentorship to push Quinn's work the right way.
Sasha was fed up with her boss and job so she resigned inside of Casey's office.
Even though Sydney was very nervous beforehand, Sydney shone like the sun after giving the speech.
Lee was always good with children. It was such a surprise that Lee only had one child.
Sasha put Kai back in his crib after he crawled out.
Jesse rang the bell attached to the bedside table at Mercy General and told the nurse that the pain was increasing.
Austin found the keys to the car in the yard after looking for hours.
Sasha went to the orphanage to visit the children and she made many friends.
Jesse was hoping that she would receive a gift in the secret santa exchange.
When Jordan went hiking with his friends Jordan went missing.
Aubrey hurried towards the front door in the frigid cold and windy weather and when she reached the front of the house she went inside and Aubrey slammed the door.
Jesse told Remy that he had heard the noise coming from the basement.
cameron was a fair boss but he had to take away ash's work.
Skylar challenged her brother to improve his grades after seeing recent test results.
Looking to protect them from possible violence, Kai took Riley's kids away.
Robin put their finger on the ball and starting spinning it, which impressed all the kids.
Tracy dropped her purse and everything fell out and went everywhere.
Tracy supported Carson's case and that's why she won in court.
Jan tried to lose weight but her husband brought her a big cheesecake.
Austin called Addison's friend Addison because they were very similar looking even though their names were different.
Austin was learning how to skate for the first time. Austin stinks on ice.
After getting to school late, Lee realized he had forgot his book at home.
Robin always beat the clock and got everything done on time.
Before Alex could quit his job, Taylor made him come to his senses.
Addison saw that the dog was thirsty so she gave the dog some water.
Remy helped the woman cross the street and even carried her bags for her all the way.
Robin liked Jordan so they expressed interest in them.
Kai associated Sydney's attitude with their increase in effort.
Jan had a dog that was lying down a lot. Jan took her dog to the veterinarian.
Ash was looking in a box for a movie. Ash found a movie to watch.
Addison called the customer into Skylar's office to tell her story.
Kendall laid outside the scope of the audit and was happy about it.
Sydney kept looking at Jordan because she had a nice haircut.
Alex got a new job at their dad's office and did their best to do good.
Riley had a test coming up and wanted to know what would be on it.
Ash couldn't run the application she was trying to open on her computer. Ash ran another software update.
Riley felt ready to go for a ride.
They ease their pain at the hospital by giving them lots of medicine and rest.
Jordan was very moved by the thoughtful words coming from Carson's mouth.
Tracy filed a complaint over someone walking over her lawn.
Sasha dug around in the playground and found a gold coin in the sand.
Aubrey bought Alex's lunch since Alex left their money at home yesterday.
Bailey raised Quinn's hand when the teacher asked a question.
Sasha left a tip for the waitress after having a really good experience with the meal.
Aubrey took a big bite out of the hamburger when the waiter brought it over.
On the day Skylar discovered that Jill stole and used up her credit card, she wanted to kill Jan.
Sydney took Taylor to the amusement park where Taylor had the time of her life.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants off and slipped her pajamas on her before helping her to bed.
Taylor took Jan's share after realizing that Jan wasn't able to take it all.
Casey made a profit after working hard at the business.
Riley put their dog up for adoption. They were very sad about it.
Addison maximized Bailey's shop's profits by making the shop more efficient.
quinn was angry robin stole her boyfriend so she said mean things to her.
Riley treated her teacher to dinner as a way of thanking them for the mentorship.
Riley won the art competition by defying every traditional rule of the art world.
Jane's profession requires her to work closely with clients. Jane is very artistic and enjoys drawing. Jane's job requires her to draw pictures directly on her clients skin.
Bailey thought long and hard about how he wanted to phrase his proposal.
Jordan accomplished the task at hand and did so because they was asked to.
Sasha was really upset and needed some cheering up. Sasha asked Ash to come over.
Alex was in a wrestling tournament and defeated every opponent.
Aubrey got very drunk and had a one night stand after meeting someone at a bar. A month later Aubrey discovered they were pregnant.
Sasha took their sibling to the library for a reading hour. They were read stories by clowns.
Aubrey kept the cat that they found wandering down the street.
jesse was being annoying with the plug, so quinn took it away from jesse.
Sydney left a note on her lunch so no one else would touch it.
Taylor gave the gift to their grandmother because it was her birthday today.
Bailey solved their problem using an internet guide.
Tracy drew answers from the data that proved her initial hypothesis to be true.
Taylor tried to be kind to other people that were around them.
Taylor was going through the transition process and Taylor became a man named Jan.
Jordan tried running to no avail, as his knees started hurting too much.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands off her knee after Taylor leaned in for a kiss.
Jesse loved to play football, and after working hard training for two years, Jesse finally made the varsity team.
Riley thanked their friend foe the letter they got in the mail that day.
Bailey cooked Lee dinner and also made a dessert.
Quinn was drunk at the circus. Quinn booed the mime off the stage.
Cameron was visiting Rome on a vacation from work.
Aubrey finished a day's work and then took the employer, Robin's money.
Kendall waved back at the firefighter on the truck in the parade.
Addison made an incision in Bailey's arm to get the shrapnel out.
Quinn asked permission to go to lunch with the others after school.
Quinn waited an hour after work, but was never on time in the first place.
Remy saw Alex's interest and returned the gaze in an interested way.
Carson wrote their first novel about a couple of friends lost in the big city.
Kai wrote a letter to their friend and asked them on a date.
Remy was just released from jail for theft. Remy changed their character.
Cameron was doing good and living their dream life.
Kendall was eating some raw cookie dough one afternoon. Kendall got sick from food poisoning.
Austin had lost their job and felt aimless with nothing to do all day.
Sasha put their hair up and got to work painting the inside of the house.
Addison gave Bailey the advantage in the game because Bailey was new.
Tracy got ready for work before she ran out of time.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a ride home because she was too drunk.
Alex pulled pranks on others for fun without ever considering the consequences of their actions and lived in ignorant bliss.
Robin crossed Riley's legs when they were practicing the moves.
casey was waiting for good news so she opened the envelope.
Aubrey sold Robin's clothes on ebay because Aubrey was angry with Robin over something petty.
Lee made Addison sacrifice her weekend time since she had already used all her vacation days.
Lee got married to Tracy because they were in love.
Kai have very sensitive eyes so Aubrey shaded Kai's eyes from the sun.
Jordan converted the group to Christianity once they explained just how full of love the Lord could be.
Kendall found rocks in the grass after his lawn mower stopped and made a grinding sound.
Bailey understood the patients complaints and made a good diagnosis.
Skylar held her hand to Sasha's chest and felt the gentle thudding of Sasha's heart.
Austin declined the promotion so the boss had to find a different candidate.
Casey asked her coworker out on a date but she didn't realize he would tell the entire office.
Even though she was made fun of by the rest of the crew, Kendall stayed safe by using the safety equiptment.
Remy was walking his dog and found a girl in the park.
Ash made a request to the store to carry more of those cookies.
Jan did everything they could to help Aubrey's life.
Bailey stood in the store for over an hour debating whether or not to buy the sweater, but finally decided to buy it.
Sasha had chickens as pets. She ate eggs every single day.
Kendall made the ice cream by pouring vanilla custard over snow.
Aubrey went home to Alex after a long and tiring day at work.
Taylor was walking to work today. It was cold outside and raining.
Jan answered every inquiry at the company's big press conference.
Jan went to a busy nightclub with their friends during the weekend and planned to stay all night. Jan danced with their friends.
Skylar seemed to Kai to be hurt from tripping on the road that evening.
Ash sold Casey's house and helped her find a new one.
Skylar quit her old job when she got a much better offer.
Riley ran tests on the machine to figure out the problem.
Bailey asked their neighbor to stop by to enjoy the Super Bowl with friends.
Kai felt adventurous and decided to book a spur of the moment vacation to a new city.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a camping trip to the National park.
Cameron gave the class a lesson in cooking the perfect traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
Casey brought a huge spread of food for the picnic. Jordan shared Casey's food with someone.
Remy wanted to go hiking at the waterfall trail area.
Lee gave the employee a bonus for discovering the problem in the machine.
Cameron's girlfriend loved to look at sunsets. Cameron loved sunsets as well.
Remy is trying to rebuild and old shed that is displeasing.
Riley understood why Quinn was so upset about the breakup and showed her support.
Kendall impressed the interviewer with their qualifications.
Taylor asked Remy for help with finishing her school project.
Addison was in new york for the very first time and wanted to see all the sights. Today, they visited the statue of liberty.
Carson was at the supermarket and ran into Quinn's son in the parking lot.
Addison put Quinn's arms around their body so that they could give them a hug.
Aubrey wrote a grocery list but someone took it from them and threw it in the garbage.
Cameron bought a new television even while the broken old television was still in the house.
Jordan had a really tough, demanding job in the circus. Every time they went out in the ring with those cats their life was in danger. It made it so Jordan couldn't sleep at night.
Tracy wrote another story and it was even better than their first.
Sydney gave the woman the right to enter the room after she saw her son being taken away.
Taylor really hurt himself when he fell down an escalator at the mall.
Aubrey's family owns a decent beach house which she loaned to Skylar and her family.
Remy stopped running after the bully stopped chasing him.
Alex held his own in a sparring match a couple months after he decided to take up boxing.
Bailey placed Taylor at the head of the class because Taylor is a responsible person with a good grade.
Carson said things to Alex that were kind so that Alex would get some self confidence.
Remy started reading. a book of histry in indian king.
riley was fed up with the situation so he began to sing.
Kendall agreed to go along with the decision that the group had made.
Kai wrote a letter to his crush asking to go with them to the dance.
according to the article Kendall brought the war to an end with Tracy.
Taylor presented another painting to the people gathered at the museum.
Sydney collapsed on the ground after her run because she did not eat.
aubrey felt affection for quinn so he touched her deeply.
Cameron persuaded the teacher to give him a better grade even though he didn't deserve it.
Elena was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Casey became an expert for Aubrey after Aubrey was diagnosed.
Riley was Casey's English teacher in high school. Riley gave Casey a report that they wrote.
Due to a house first of a close family friend, Bailey paid money to support them.
Carson knew that his friends would want some of the money that he had just found.
Jordan put posters in her room to begin decorating but realized she didn't like the color of the wall.
Ash was in a hurry to get to work and ultimately was late anyway and not prepared.
Ash was holding a weapon and looking frightened, so Sasha asked Ash to explain what was going on.
Austin got fired from his first job as a cashier.
Quinn called Carson's mom about meeting her at the local coffee shop to catch up.
Addison took medicine too fast because she didn't listen to the doctors instructions.
Austin was helping Jan's parents out and treated them well.
Sasha stretched Quinn's arms back, releasing the built up tension in Quinn's shoulder.
Addison made the right choice in deciding what to order for dinner.
Quinn was a firefighter who arrived first on the scene at Kendall's home. Quinn put out the fire before it caused much damage.
Sydney set up effective computer systems after she received her bachelor's in computer science.
Lee got mad at Kai because Kai car got damaged while coming to pick them.
Remy wanted Cameron to get their room clean so Cameron obeyed Remy's orders.
Jesse pressed Alex's lips with their own in an attempt to seduce them.
Alex was speaking to Addison so they turned slowly towards Alex.
Jan refused to follow the rules at school. When Jan's parent's tried to talk to them, Jan gave them a hard time.
Sasha got a puppy to keep her company during the lonely nights.
Austin broke the ice after everyone was being quiet.
Jesse wrote a note on the board after receiving instructions from the principal.
Bailey diagnosed the rare disease. The patient had been suffering for many years but now the medication can control it.
Taylor decorated his plant.
Sydney sung together with the rest of the chorus.
Jesse caused Addison trouble when they ran away from them while they were at the mall.
Lee came around the bend later after dark.
Austin ran the brush through Bailey's hair and the hair was very even looking and beautiful.
Addison had wanted her dog to do tricks, so Jan taught the dog some tricks.
Tracy had a new dish at a restaurant and tried the recipe at home.
Carson went to a party with many women, so Carson joined their husbands for dinner.
Aubrey went to go see Macbeth, and Aubrey loved the play very much.
Addison put her pulled out tooth under her pillow at night before bed.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter that new doll that she got for Christmas.
Bailey always treated her parents with respect, even during her rebellious years.
Cameron rubbed Taylor eyes to wake Taylor up.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers away from their belt, because they didn't want to go that far.
It was just yesterday that Aubrey lost their young son.
Sasha took the meat out of the freezer because Sasha wanted to eat pork chops for dinner.
Casey joined the class at their school to learn the subject better.
Aubrey took a big bite of her burger because she was so hungry after the workout.
Carson has been worried about performing well in sport.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a note that made them very happy with the way things were going at work.
Kai got Addison's friends together for the surprise party that they had been planning for weeks in advance.
Robin left the restaurant after leaving a large tip on the table.
Riley and Casey have been rivals for a long time , both wanted a promotion.
Remy got married on the beach to a very nice sunset.
Carson provided shelter for patients who couldn't afford to get an apartment.
Addison prevented Sasha from making the team by talking badly baout her to everyone.
Caroline was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha was so nice they decided to share their soda with a person.
Sasha was feeling down and wanted to find ways to make more money.
tracy was a kind person so she gave carson's baby a toy.
Quinn swam back and forth because they wanted to get faster.
Sasha had only one light bulb in the house and could not get another because of the storm.
Jan finished the food Sydney cooked fast because it was so good.
Jan used Sasha's language when speaking with them to help out.
After knocking on the door and negotiating a price, Carson mowed their yard.
Alex was angry at Lee as the latter had tried to steal Alex's boyfriend.
Kai stayed home from school because he was sick.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling down by jumping underneath her and supporting her weight.
Jan suddenly stood face to face with her biggest fear without flinching.
Quinn attended their business needs after the students went home.
Kai did well on a test and made Lee proud.
After the sales season was over, Riley treated her employees to dinner on her.
Jesse took the car to the mall to buy some expensive but fun gifts.
Carson went with Quinn to the zoo one day.
Jan rose from Austin's feet and thanked them for what they did.
Alex was a very active boy who almost got hit by a car.  Remy, their parent, held Alex fast and tight.
Bailey is a child waiting in the office for her mother's appointment and appears restless.
Robin quickly became happy after being offered a promotion at work.
Quinn is a newscaster, and she asked Austin, a meteorologist, to describe the weather.
Tracy found the item at the store but she needed help in order to find it.
Jordan came near Quinn and handed him a heavy envelope.
Addison got the last laugh when they defeated the rival that had always won before.
Aubrey had promised to take Sasha's mother for lunch during her birthday, when he failde to he promised himself that he will do it at a later date.
Quinn used Casey's hands to clean off the table.
Carson played soccer very well and was good enough to get a full scholarship to the school of his choice.
carson was worried about cameron so he layered blankets on her shoulder.
Cameron supported their view that pizza was the best food.
Jesse managed Carson's affairs when she was unable to do so.
Ash had know Alex for years and they did things all the time.
Jan invited them to Lee's house to have a party with everyone together.
They had a eating competition and the winner ate so many chicken wings that he had to go to the hospital.
Taylor told Ash's mom about how ash had been stealing from her.
Bailey happily accepted the new toaster that they had wanted for Christmas.
Kendall ate pork for the first time after giving up the Jewish faith.
Quinn surprised us with a graduation party for passing our classes and getting a college degree.
Kendall proposed marriage to Jan with an expensive ring. Kendall wanted Jan answer promptly.
Alex had very greasy hair and he never washed it hardly ever.
Aubrey turned Sydney back around to tell a joke about the clown and the doctor.
Sydney was a star on their high school basketball team and everyone depended on Sydney.
Casey rode one bike all the way home from work one day.
Alex made a living working as Tracy's agent and booking her motivational talks.
Quinn provided Kendall's picture that was taken during the big fair.
Remy told her sister about their trip.  They also showed the sister the pictures taken during the trip.
Skylar had to carry fruits everywhere. Today, Skylar carried apples outside.
After months of dedicated sleuthing, Kai found the culprit behind the burglary.
kendall cooked steak for riley's family and everyone enjoyed the food they had prepared.
While they were fighting over the new toy they got for Christmas, Cameron hit their brother.
bailey wanted to keep jesse safe so she drew him away from the crowd.
Alex lied to their friend and told them that they did not wanna see them again.
Quinn let them have it for what they did to her.
Quinn took Ash by force as Quinn carried Ash from the burning building.
Ash got his dream job about acting in a ton of good movies.
Cameron was a doctor who worked with sick patients. They provided assistance to individuals.
Taylor took a train ride with her friends to the town centre.
Since they all liked to spend time in the outdoors, Aubrey went hiking with friends.
Remy is a very athletic person and knows to stay well hydrated and always drink.
Cameron and his friends were going out to dinner and he took sides with the ones that wanted to go to his favorite restaurant.
Skylar needed someone to comfort them and asked their friend for help.
Jesse helped Skylar study for the important exam in a few days time.
Sydney carried out Alex's plan of prapare something spcial for his girlfriend.
Sydney brought Jesse into line so they wouldn't be alone for hours.
Austin fought for Quinn's life, but they eventually died on the operating table.
Austin has been working since early this morning and just now got a break.
Robin bought some normally expensive shoes for a really cheap price on a good sale.
Kai wished they could have some pets. Kai coveted their neighbor's pets.
Aubrey ate desert every night and started to gain weight.
Casey left the room in a hurry, so Taylor shut the door behind Casey.
Taylor has always been bad a math, but Taylor continued her efforts and got a better grade this time.
Addison best friend spent the night over, so Addison got up early and  made oatmeal for breakfast.
Taylor decorated his Christmas tree for the first time by himself.
Kai got a notice of warning to stop parking their car in the wrong spot in front of the business.
Riley gathered his resume and sought work.
Quinn let Kai's head fall on the desk rather than breaking the fall like he could.
Bailey met Addison in the street to play the game there.
Quinn let their can sleep inside, even though it would sometimes scratch the furniture.
Cameron was nervous and upset that he had gotten a bad grade on the test.
Addison smiled when Mark asked her out on a romantic date.
jordan was annoying so he spit at the dummy.
Austin told lies to her, so she never found out about the affair.
Jan set Tracy's mind at ease and Tracy started to feel better.
Bailey loved Carson anyway after they had a big fight.
Quinn changed water into gold when they were working in a chemistry lab.
Ash had their first day at work and had a great time.
Ash set Sydney to work because Sydney enjoyed procrastinating.
Cameron put Robin's hand on the braille and guided Robin's fingers during a lesson.
Carson wore shoes the next time he walked on the road in the blazing summer heat.
Quinn read an article written by a conspiracy theorist and believed every word.
Riley gave each of the boys their own set of cards to build a house of cards.
skylar needed to get her dad some fresh air so she took him fishing.
Sasha pulled the blinds together. They were ready for bed already.
Aubrey found out that Carson was cheating so she told Carson what to do with their engagement rings.
Aubrey decided to start grinding her teeth just like her sister Bailey.
Quinn noticed money on the counter so he grabbed it before anyone could see.
Addison asked Tracy's girlfriend what Tracy was going to be doing that night.
Bailey worked all night in order to get all of the finishing touches on the project done.
Carson and Jan were alone in the classroom. Carson forced Jan's hand on his private part.
Robin batted their eyes at Bailey. They were hoping to ask Bailey for a date.
Kendall told Remy to tell the truth about the cheating scandal.
ash decided not to go to the movies, she thought it would be boring.
Isabella was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan took Jesse's dog for a walk when jesse was too tired.
Jesse lay Taylor on the table to examine them because they were a physician.
As it was a gift from her beloved parents, Bailey happily accepted the house.
Jordan always felt awful seeing stray cats around, so Jordan raised money to help build a bigger animal shelter in their neighborhood.
Ash has a new puppy and loved their dog very much.
Skylar told Alex how he felt after the fight.
Riley was playing outside in the yard and found a toy.
Sasha played their cards right and won every professional poker game that year.
Alex and Carson are best friends. Alex made Carson's home inspection for them.
Cameron heard a loud noise and decided to get away.
Tracy went to a party with Lee and their friends one night.
Sasha went out to eat with their friends. After the meal was paid for, Sahsa left a tip.
Taylor played the saxophone for the first time, her inexperience showed to everyone.
Skylar told their friend that they wanted to go eat somewhere new that day.
Addison wanted to run a marathon but her leg was broken.
Quinn was a famous magician, and for their final trick, Quinn walked on water.
Robin hated every dress and felt like giving up until they found the perfect one.
Carson came out of the store to find someone had crashed into Carson's car. The other driver was gone but Carson's car had a lot of damage.
Tracy work up early so they could start work early this morning.
Sasha spent a whole day studying for the test.
Austin got down on one knee, held up a ring and asked their girlfriend to marry them.
Kai caught Remy in the act of stealing his friend's new bike.
Addison spent too much on games and coffee. Addison quickly called their mother.
Kai wanted to get married before having a child with their boyfriend.
Addison met once every week with her group of friends at a bar.
Addison went into their room to read and find solace.
Kendall had been sick for a week.
Sydney gave Riley hope that she could pass the history test.
Jesse wrote instructions on the board for the students on how to turn their assignments in.
Kendall formed their rebuttal and stood up to their debate opponent reasonably.
Kendall was thinking about her decision and took another look at it.
Addison's dog was hungry and waiting for food, so Addison gave the dog a bowl.
Remy cooks rice after feeling a very strong hunger in the stomach.
Riley ran medical tests at the doctor's office.
Sasha is visiting their favorite cousin today.
Addison found Carson a place to stay for the night and it was cheap.
Jesse took Ash at Austin's word when Austin told him the story.
Quinn was accidentally buried alive and just woke up in the coffin.
Images of Quinn drifted through Jan's mind when she was making his favorite lunch.
Sydney put the dog outside because he kept barking at the front door.
Aubrey sold Robin's clothes on ebay in order to earn extra money for the trip they were taking.
Ash had been dumped earlier that day so she ate dinner all alone.
Andrew was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Casey broke a leg. It was painful. Casey learned a lesson.
Remy's mom had been under the weather so she decided to bring her mom some food.
Sasha gave her daughter the money that was needed to pay for the class field trip.
Skylar got Addison's attention back during the presentation when she made a stunning remark.
Tracy asked Austin's family if they could go to the park that day.
Bailey showed a lot of love towards Skylar.  Skylar loved Bailey in return.
Austin built Quinn a house so that they could live in it.
remy had a dream so he spent the day writing a paper.
Casey wanted to be able to defend themselves against home invasion.
Cameron passed Taylor the law notes, since Taylor had missed class the other day.
It's a friends birthday today so Aubrey went out early to purchase a gift.
Bailey made every deposit from alex as soon as the funds were received.
Cameron hit him from behind in the MMA match and ended up winning.
Sydney beat her friend in the game they were playing.
Skylar had 5 years of experience horseback riding and often spoke their opinion freely.
Ash spent days training, then more days fasting.
Taylor was giving a presentation as part of a job interview he practised hard and spoke the words well.
Remy was examining Tracy's injury for signs of fractures. Tracy gave Remy a pained expression.
Kai was having problems with his parents, and left taking refuge in Kai's house.
Ash sounded like a Lee before he changed his gender to become a woman.
Riley took a stroll to check out his new neighborhood one night.
Jan shook their leg because a bug is crawling on it.
Jan was taking her and the kids swimming.  They were going to the lake.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best in class by studying harder and getting the highest grade.
Skylar cut to the front of the line at the bakery because she was in a rush.
Remy said no to the invitation to the birthday party for a girl he did not like.
Lee started his new job, which he had to get up early.
Robin is a trained assassin and has a lot of weapons.
Tracy gave Austin lessons on the snowboarding trail.
Sydney also gave Ash a compliment after receiving one from him first.
Skylar played a hand of poker and lost a lot of money.
Riley decided that he wanted to elect every politician he could.
Ash needed to get up early for work so they woke up early.
Jordan got a fix for the flat tire they had and it saved money.
Kai was traveling across the country. Kai took refuge in Jesse's hotel.
Cameron was cleaning their house with a mixture of bleach and water to get rid of mold.
aubrey was confused about the whole matter so she made sydney explain.
Jesse decided to go jogging at the beach, even though none of their friends wanted to come along.
The fall semester of school was over, so Tracy went home for the holidays.
Kendall finally saved up enough money to afford to buy something nice.
Casey bought an apple in the market and gave it to Jordan's son.
Bailey knows Kai is going to propose to their girlfriend Kendall. Bailey delays Kendall so Kai can set up everything. Bailey takes Kendall to Kai.
After Addison checked their clothes in the mirror, they realized that their pants had a large hole in the back.
Alex called Quinn his father because he saw the man on a regular basis.
Jesse and a friend were having lunch together at their favorite restaurant.
I asked Jordan to grab my purse, but once we got to the store I realized Jordan left my wallet at home.
Austin felt like an eternity passed even though they were waiting only for 5 minutes.
Taylor taught class everyday and was offered a permanent position by the college.
Jan took their mother to the doctor when she had food poisioning.
Jesse was a good singer and sang many songs.
Remy gave Cameron the benefit of the doubt about being late to the party.
Ash's car tyres were flat to Skylar put air in the tyres for Ash.
robin was hungry and needed to eat so she called the pizza company.
Cameron looked around for Skylar. They were lost in the large crowd.
Jesse didn't have a way to get to work so Sydney found a way for Jesse.
Lee looked at Jan with a smile as they were catching up with each other.
Riley gave Tracy's candy away to the other kids that night.
Jesse played Cameron's part in the play that summer season.
Addison enjoyed their work at the store with the new employee.
Kai played Riley a song in the concert that night in front of everyone.
cameron asked casey to write a letter to them so they could hear from them sometimes.
sasha wanted to get exercise so she played basketball on saturday.
Kai helped turn Skylar's life around during a difficult period.
Riley's boyfriend had asked Jordan to borrow his car for a date. Jordan told Riley's boyfriend no.
When Robin went to school she use to never make it to class on time.
Skylar spent a lot of time with friends and started to neglect school.
Skylar was a foreign exchange student. Alex made Skylar feel at home.
Carson was working on their home and made progress on painting the room.
Casey went off road to ride his motorbike to be able to ride the trails.
Austin topped themselves after practicing distance running on a track for months.
Casey finished Robin's work, that Robin was suppose to do herself.
Ash made some new friends when he moved to the city.
Carson established Kendall's identity after he helped her hide from the criminal.
Sydney back into someone's car in the parking lot. Sydney left a note.
While Robin was away, Skylar decorated their room as a surprise.
In his wood-shop, Taylor hastily sawed and cut Casey's arm with flying debris.
Jordan gave them good instructions which culminated in them gaining Robin's support.
Robin went pro after the major win he got for his college basketball team.
Casey and Kendall are friends who are going out to eat at a restaurant. They can't seem to decide on a place they both want to eat so they flip a coin.
ash never got an education and therefore ended up knowing nothing.
Alex was a mentor. He came into Cameron's life after his parents' divorce.
Skylar protected every person in their kingdom, no matter how rich or poor.
The customer didn't like the shirts that Aubrey was picking. Aubrey showed another shirt to the customer.
Sasha went shopping with their father and ended up buying stuff from 5 different stores.
Austin was working hard. They skipped lunch.
Cameron couldn't make it to work because they were sick so they asked Jordan to cover for them. Jordan made Cameron's rounds for them.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree to grow by giving it a lot of attention.
Ash lent Jan money to buy a few New York state scratch off lottery tickets.
Quinn dropped their glasses on the floor and Robin stepped on a broke the glasses.
Sydney asked the secretary for Casey's number when Casey didn't show up for work.
Robin was very lost in a new town when she got out her cell phone.
Robin always started yelling any time they did not get their way.
Sasha took advantage of the fact that she had good enough grades.
Casey got the friends together.  They planned to go for a picnic.
Jesse increased Casey's profits by advertising for her in the papers.
Carson was Robin's friend and after a few years they asked Robin to set them up on a date. Robin found someone that Carson really liked.
Casey was going to fail because the test was worth most of his grade.
Even though Addison had an appointment to keep he still checked Skylar's car for a flat tire.
Remy enhanced their understanding of the computer buy explaining how the computer works.
Riley wanted to get a raise, so he increased the quality of his work product.
Cameron provided his professional services to families in need for a discounted price.
Cameron treated Robin accordingly after she tried to fire him.
In their article, Mississippi gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Remy pursued one's goal because the person had given up but Remy knew how to see it through.
Aubrey saw Ash everyday after school and had great times in the park.
Lee got in a balloon. He went for a trip around the world.
Robin saw the Jesse was uncomfortable and asked them if they would like to leave.
Taylor raised the flag and the fell in Cameron's arms.
Alex is self-employed and she decided to employ Tracy for some menial tasks.
Taylor went to the dentist for the first time and gave the dentists a hard time about their performance.
Carson agreed to take Ash to school even though it was snowing.
After Tracy's philandering hit the tabloid press, public opinion was against him. He caved in. Tracy met society's demands and apologized on national TV.
Quinn made his point.  However, no one seemed to care.
Austin sold their produce in the market because they hoped to share their food with the friends in the community.
Riley put up her dog for adoption because he couldn't afford to take care of it.
Quinn made their point when they were giving the presentation at work.
Jan wanted eggs for breakfast. They offered to pay for it.
Sydney spent a couple hours working on the group project for class.
Riley didn't try as hard as she got and got third place.
Taylor got into a fight with a boy over a girl they both liked. Taylor kicked his ball with his cowboy boot.
Tracy hurt their arm and decided that they would rest it for the day.
casey was a kind and helpful person so she took their phone case off.
Remy provided Addison with a promotional offer in his sales business, explaining what a good opportunity it was.
Aubrey showed Bailey their appreciation. They were always helping out.
While playing at the beach, Addison threw Sydney into the sea for fun and they needed to be rescued by lifeguards.
Casey was being really mean, so Aubrey called Casey's sister.
Tracy protected Austin's flowers from the sun by getting a cover to cover the whole garden.
Jesse called the nurse into the room because he got afraid for his life.
Aubrey brunt her bridge with her former friend Addison after what had happened between them.
addison called lee and jordan to see if they were doing ok after the tornado came through.
Kai realized that they were in over their head and needed an extra hand.
Remy lost their first tooth and hoped that the tooth fairy would visit.
It was Kendalls birthday and she really liked her gift.
Kai followed the student's progress closely to make sure they are learning.
Ash increased his intelligence in the subject by studying hard every single night.
Sydney was trying to find a hobby. Sydney tried their hand at writing.
Kendall found a new job and wants to start as soon as possible.
Lee carefully chose Addison's project to win the contest because it was the best one overall.
Jordan gave her support to Robin in her time of need.
Addison observed Ash closely in the hospital room.
Due to work stress, Aubrey decided to take a scenic road trip to the mountains.
Tracy and Remy were friends and Tracy liked Remy a lot.
Ash had a crush on Robin and came unto Robin in a dream.
Kai called Riley's husband to let him know that she cheated on him.
Sasha bought a new bike for a friend that was getting out of the hospital.
Jan took their mother to the doctor for her appointment early this morning.
Casey wants to make sure they have everything they need for their new dog before they come home with a dog.
After pledging to keep it a secret, Sasha told their friends anyways.
I was arguing with some people. Cameron took my side.
Sasha made decisions for Remy despite Remy insisting she did not like it.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to speak, so Alex would know when it had to go to the bathroom.
Skylar provided Sydney a system to help her get a smart alarm in case of an emergency.
Sasha gave Aubrey a satisfied look when they finished with their chores.
Alex hit the target with his newly purchased gun.
Ash had too much stuff clustering in the computer desk and needed to study.
Kendall changed Casey's diet for the better.
Jan saw how upset Bailey was, so she gave her some space.
Sasha settled among Bailey's friends, and soon became one of the group members.
Addison was always a good worker even when she was upset, she always performed her duty.
Alex went to the theatre but didn't have any money, so they snuck into the show.
Riley really enjoyed dinner and was glad that he was invited to join the others.
Kendall made Casey's application better by using all that she learned in her job.
Casey settled Lee's hash but now they were mad at Casey so they attacked Casey.
Remy bought a cat for her best friend Skylar and she loved it.
All students were told that the given essay will be the semester test. Even Skylar, the class lazybones, wrote a story.
Riley went to the garden and started to dig around for some food.
Austin wanted to become a singer. They put in several hours of practice a day and became good at singing.
Remy gave Sydney plenty of time to get dressed before the party.
Casey had just had a bad day at work.  She was still mad and distraught while driving home.  Her attention was not where it should have been and she rear ended a car that was stopped at a four way stop.  The driver, Lee, was very polite and sympathetic.  Casey hesitantly gave her insurance information but pleaded that they settle on the side as she would not be able to afford the premium increase after this since it was her third accident this year.  Lee likes to do things by the books and called Casey's insurance company.
In the FBI interrogation room, Remy answered her questions about the perp.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a ride home when Lee was stuck at work.
Kai was telling people how they studied.
Sasha feed the cat every day.  They help take care of their friend's cat.
Jordan pieced the fragments together and fixed the broken glass.
It was getting late and Jan needed to go quick back home.
Ash drove Sydney to work after their car had broken down.
Riley had dressed up nicely in the hopes that Skylar would notice them.
Quinn applied for a job as a waitress at Skylar's restaurant. Skylar couldn't stand the thought of working with a control freak every day, so they told the restaurant's owner that Quinn had a bad attitude.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the recipe so she could learn it better.
Jordan pushed them away from Skylar and protected her from their advances.
Addison saw that Casey was crying and wanted to let her know that she was available to talk so she put her hand on Casey's shoulder.
Addison wasn't paying much attention.  They got into a car accident.
Skylar had to tell Kendall a secret so they tilted Kendall's head back and whispered a secret.
Addison wrote the script and made Austin act silly.
Jesse found out his wallet is missing at school. Jesse called them into the room.
After finally recieving their master's in philosophy, Taylor completed their education.
Carson closed the oven behind Jordan when they were done baking it.
Quinn was suffering from back pain and wanted to feel better. Bailey advised Quinn to take time off.
Sydney kept an eye on the tools in the hands and thought only of those.
Addison put Quinn's arms around him and embraced her strongly.
Ash opened the gift quickly to find what he was hoping for.
Aubrey picked some friend to be on the team with her and they won.
After deciding to go out for a date, Ash walked with his girlfriend in hand.
Casey made a leg up in the race by digging deep and finding some energy reserves.
remy was a good cook so he prepared another batch.
Remy gave Robin the feeling of fear when he got scared watching the horror movie.
Carson brought children into the world because he was an optimist.
Alex drove from Florida to Texas to make a surprise visit to his high school sweethears.
Aubrey always thought of others and wanted to do something nice for her friends.
Quinn had a chronic condition that affected his health and meant that Quinn often got tired.
Kai skipped school after having lunch because she thought it was boring.
Addison did aerobics last night to be able to relax himslef from a long day at work.
Remy answered their questions. He knew they had many questions and he wanted to help.
Addison spent the whole afternoon going fishing. Finally Addison caught a fish.
Jan raised their arm and got called on to answer the math question.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife by coming on to them during the picnic.
Bailey maintained stability at all levels of the gymnastics competition that day.
Skylar kept singing the song for a long time without knowing the lyrics.
Jan stopped kissing Austin when she noticed what time it was.
Lee solved Taylor's equation.  They were better than Taylor in Math.
Remy loved Robin's gift. It was so moving and kind.
Kai showed respect and love to everyone in town, even his enemies.
Austin heard Casey clear his throat and start to practice their singing.
Riley washed the dishes since the kitchen appeared to be messy.
Sasha named another movie they liked when talking with their new friend.
Everyone at the party sat at the big table except for Cameron.  Cameron sat alone.
Kendall told Aubrey many tales about her years spent as a dancer in a Las Vegas show.
Remy needed to hide the money they stole. Remy gave Sydney plenty of money.
Cameron sold Sasha's house at prices lower than she had thought.
Robin knew that they could trust Jesse to keep the matter a secret.
Remy decided to adopt Taylor after much deliberation and thinking of what is best.
Aubrey asked the girl next to her if she could get some water.
Jan increased the students' test scores by giving them extra credit on their tests.
Skylar was generous and gave Tracy an opportunity to prove their worth.
Jordan let out a sigh of relief and started smiling a lot.
Robin never gave to charities until she was moved to do so after seeing a good cause.
Robin came among Carson's friends with a bag of food.
Jan had lost her keys and Jordan was helping her find them.
Remy hit the brakes when they got a look at a new restaurant near town.
Sasha opened the food and ate most of it. Sasha then returned the food to the store and said it was bad so they could get a refund.
Addison Junior the dog bit the big Addison Senior while they were fighting.
Bailey was planning a surprise party for Carson and wanted to keep Carson from seeing everything.
Quinn knew that Sydney's business was losing business.
Cameron impressed everyone when he didn't take credit for the report that he did.
For the first time ever, Casey made a social media profile online.
Kendall didn't like the way things were going in the council. Kendall stood up for a reason at the meeting.
Skylar played all day on the computer with his internet friends.
Sasha was sad she was going to the mall alone. Ash texted Sasha today.
Jesse broke out in a rash the day after he tried some new body paint.
Robin agreed to take Taylor to the movies when it was his birthday.
Bailey anticipated every move his opponent made, he had been studying his past chess games for months.
Remy failed to follow the instructions on the test. They got an f.
Carson launched an attack on Sasha by grabbing her hair and then pushing her to the ground.
There was a large crowd so Bailey took Quinn aside to say hello.
Jan accused Lee of cheating after finding evidence on Lee's cell phone.
Austin was a rodeo clown and they were going to the rodeo.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend because they needed to talk.
Ash didn't want to go near the bad kids. Ash stayed away from them when they were smoking.
Jessie was waiting at the coffee shop for her friend. Her friend finally showed up late.
Taylor put his cup in front of hers to try to establish dominance over her.
Alex put Tracy to bed after they ate dinner.
Austin treated Jan's water well for the bad minerl rock deposits that is in it.
Sydney replied back when her mother sent her an email at work.
Sydney went on a date with a nice guy and she decided that she would like to see him again.
Kai gave people hope to the cause of freeing their own people.
Tracy spent a long time with Sydney's family and they went around doing things together.
Taylor was an only child with lots of toys in their room. Taylor played for hours in her room.
Bailey finished their report.  They felt very good about it.
casey was bored so she made jesse's adjustments for him.
Alex would eventually pass the class if they study hard enough and do extra credit.
Ash was the boss at work and appreciated all of Jan's hard work.
Even though the patient's cancer was thought to be incurable, Taylor was able to improve the patient's health.
Quinn came down to us from the tower, he told us that everything was clear.
Kendall VB really liked the person, Kendall liked just about everyone.
Jan was helping Casey with his diet. She threw out all the junk food to prevent him from gaining weight.
Robin was a threat to Kai.
Casey saw a bird pass by in the sky as he was lying down on the grass.
Ash called the vet to see if they new what was wrong with their pet.
Skylar buries Jan's sadness about being headed home for the last time.
Last night, Jesse told their parents that they needed to move back into their house for a while.
Aubrey was trying to get some team building exercises going. Aubrey involved every person in it.
Alex tore Ash to pieces after finding out that she lied about her whereabouts.
After getting a bully suspended for bullying, Aubrey saw her at school.
Remy imagined how it would feel to have a serious boyfriend.
Carson was at the park with his kids one afternoon. There, Carson saw Quinn's son playing ball.
Jan taught Addison's dog tricks which took out a lot of her own time.
Alex climbed on top of Ash when they were in bed together.
Remy bought lunch at the cafeteria after realizing they had left theirs at home.
Tracy complimented Kendall on her looks and gave her a big head.
Tracy broke Addison's nose when they got into a fight over Justin.
Sasha required Bailey's answer that day, stopping them from taking time to consider the offer.
As quarterback of the team, Austin called Riley to cover the defense linebacker.
Sasha caught Tracy off guard with the bizzare and random questions.
carson was talented and a genius so he played soccer very well.
Jan cleaned the spill that she made in the break room during her lunch break.
After Robin lost their job, they confided in their good friend Riley. Riley got Robin a job opportunity after hearing the news.
Lee always bragged about how smart he was even though he got bad grades.
Riley had a great day at work today and got a lot done.
Austin used Tim's words against him when they started arguing later that evening.
Jordan raised their son to help and be a respectful person.
Alex helped the man that was laying on the beach gasping for air.
Sasha worked hard at their job and hardly ever took days off. Sasha got promoted as a result.
Austin ran the comb through Bailey's hair to help her out with it.
Lee put Tracy in charge, so Tracy commanded Lee's army for him.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a new toy to play with while they talked.
To celebrate their birthday, Cameron was out with friends for a while at a local bar. While they were out Sydney's mother found Sydney unresponsive.
Aubrey's family was going to go fishing. She wasn't sure if she wanted to go, but Aubrey decided to go fishing together with them.
Remy gave Casey a lot of items she needed for her new apartment.
Sydney was having a hard time deciding what flavor ice cream she wanted. Austin made Sydney's choice for them.
Jordan called out Austin's name when they got separated in a large crowd.
Remy hung a picture on the wall of her new apartment.
Robin rang the bell to get as much attention as possible.
Casey came and got her book and discovered it was damaged.
Sasha was feeling ill but later regained their health.
Taylor's math test was that afternoon at school. Taylor tried very hard to pass it.
Skylar takes time to study all the available materials before the exam starts. Skylar is not worried, they know the information well.
Jordan found Jan's wallet.
Alex got a tattoo yesterday at the parlor.
Cameron spent a lot time with Austin.
Cameron saw a stray dog so she called the pound on it to help out.
Robin kept their stuff together in a storage unit down the street from the house.
Riley left the grocery store with a lot of groceries for the neighbor's party.
Remy and Tracy grew up to be great friends.
Sydney and Lee played a soccer game and kicked the ball to each other.
Addison was going to travel to Europe. Addison had to take their first plane ride across the ocean.
Carson relocated somewhere new.
Cameron painted Carson's portrait as a gift for the wedding anniversary.
Quinn filled their chest with air by breathing in deeply.
Kendall made Casey's application available to new employers.
Quinn gave money to Austin's parents because he owed it to them.
Jesse provided Ash understanding of the science they were learning.
Carson had studied all week but still failed the test for math.
Quinn developed a talent for spelling words very fast.
Ash felt like driving for a while so Ash went home the long way.
Aubrey went fishing with her brother when she was home from college.
Riley gave Casey a report showing that Casey is likely to be laid off by the manager.
The air mattress got a fast leak in it. Jesse fixed it right away.
Taylor was an artist and provided music for children to dance.
Bailey called their sibling who was still back home in AZ near the dessert.
Sasha wanted a dog that was going to be a good companion.
After Lee divorced his first wife, he married another three times.
Sasha divided the parts for the radio show up so everyone would be included.
Ash called home often and enjoyed talking with their family.
Lee looked all over the house and couldn't find his keys anywhere.
Austin got asked to the prom and wanted to look nice for the dance.
Remy took a chance and put all his eggs in one basket.
Addison made oatmeal for breakfast because they heard it was a healthy way to start the day and feel full longer.
Alex woke up feeling sick and refused to go with the rest of the family on a day trip.
Bailey derived Alex's benefits from stealing money out of Alex's accounts.
Cameron really helped their friend out by teaching them about science for school.
Kai considered all the relevant facts when judging the case at hand.
After Aubrey's cat ran away, Tracy gave Aubrey a hug and offered to help search for the animal.
Remy spent hours playing video games on his day off work.
Lee completed the work task three days ahead of schedule.
Remy grew a lot in a year and he ended 12th grade 6 inches taller.
Quinn reduced the budget by 10 percent and kept everything working well.
Bailey returned to their home country after their trip away was over.
Jesse put the turkey in the fridge for it to thaw so it was ready to be cooked.
Alex would eventually go home to be by themselves after nobody wanted to play with them.
Jan always gave me a hard time for not making sure to do my taxes on time.
Bailey wanted Kai to have a fun time at the hotel so they invited all of Kai's friends.
Casey was struggling with their english homework so Jordan gave Casey example sentences containing verbs and adjectives to show Jordan the difference.
Casey saw flowers in Addison's room and regretted not bringing some themselves.
Ash's youngest child weighed twice as much as her older child, Kai.
Addison caught Skylar stealing from the supply closet, so they called the manager into Skylar's office.
Riley begged to differ. Riley often did this. People found it annoying.
Kendall put their coat in the closet at Remy's place after they arrived.
Secretly, Jordan gave their friend something, but he didn't give any to the others.
Kai invited friends over for the party she was having.
Aaliyah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kai taught swimming lessons to their students on a pool field trip.
Remy rubbed Tracy's hurt thumb after they closed it in a car door.
Cameron was nervous about people entering his home with weapons so he bought a metal detector.
Riley and Quinn were working together so Riley gave Quinn a view of the background of the project.
After successfully making a new friend, Addison wanted to go to Ash.
Kai's a manager. A customer was very angry. Kai could choose to leave the situation alone and risk complaint. Instead, Kai decided to step in which calmed the situation.
Jan started a blog yesterday to make money and it already has a million hits.
Riley treated her son to dinner after he got a promotion at work.
Quinn stayed over at Lee's for the first time so when Quinn woke early they decided to make Lee breakfast in bed.
Kai sat down and decided to spend somet ime reading a book.
While on a rigorous hike, Bailey pushed Robin's hair back and secured it with a headband.
Kai was hurting and no longer wanted to suffer, so Kendall ended Kai's life.
Since Casey's favorite TV show was on, Casey avoided doing laundry until later.
Cameron gave their position on how she felt.
Cameron sent a quick message, but realized the message was full of typos.
Remy was a doctor who was tending to Tracy. Tracy gave Remy expressions of pain.
Cameron tied Lee's shoelaces when the child was unable to make a knot.
Taylor wanted to get to the finish so they pursued the quest farther.
Casey impressed Remy's new girlfriend and they made plans to hang out.
Austin won an award for the hard work that he did in school.
While going over lines for the play, Tracy gave Remy expressions of pain.
Ash got into a fight with his sister on vacation. Ash ended up spending the next day alone.
Kendall was working again at the bar so Bailey took Kendall's girfriend out to see Kendall.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble for breaking Tracy phone.
Alex looked at Jordan and they both began to laugh at the whole situation.
Addison came quickly towards lee after Lee said something insulting to Addison.
Jan was a successful artist in her community and made sculptures for a living.
Alex made Addison laugh at the charity event fundraiser they were hosting.
Aubrey had to go to court because she got into trouble.
Jordan was supposed to bring the wallet with them but it slipped their mind.
Lee grabbed their lunch and went to the break room to eat.
Bailey took charge and read aloud an animal patrol sign.
Austin, an avid fitness buff has been so busy with school and his family, he hasn't had time to go grocery shopping or exercise at the gym. He had to eat fast food for a week and is now seeing the effects in his waistline.
Skylar constructed another idea for her experiment for college.
Carson prevented Taylor from going and asked him to dinner instead.
Taylor confessed their love in front of the crowd of people and their girlfriend was overjoyed.
Taylor went to the emergency room after she broke her leg.
Tracy decided to follow their favorite band for the summer. Tracy attended every concert.
Robin was sitting watching tv when she heard an interesting story. Robin got up to tell Austin about the news.
Lee felt crowded on Jan's line, so he went home to do something else.
Jan decided to give Bailey another chance because Bailey apologized and bought her a card.
jordan wanted to be nice so he gave jan a new phone.
Cameron brought their family to the restaurant and then expected them to pay for the meal.
The family's car wouldn't start that morning, so Aubrey took Sasha's mom to work.
Addison noticed that depressed patients took longer to recover.
Jesse got into a car accident so they called their insurance company after.
Remy hung a picture on the wall of her new apartment.
Aubrey was working fine and their new job and really liked the work.
Quinn stuck her head in the sand to try and cool off from the heat.
Kendall did not get along with Tracy but they collaborated well in an assignment at work . The story surprised Tracy's friend.
Sasha settle the lawsuit with Bailey over the car.
Jesse bought a brand new video game and played it with her friends at lunch.
Cameron returned home with a stranger she had never met before.
Remy set the turtle on land after accidentally capturing it in the net.
Cameron got a new dog at the pet shop and took it home with him.
Robin loved to learn new things since they were so young. Sasha taught Robin anything they wanted to know.
Kai let the dog in the house because it had started raining.
Lee faced the firing squad squarely, refusing to show any fear as they aimed their weapons.
Bailey read aloud a sign so the others could understand it as well on the excursion.
Robin forced affection upon Casey when they were happy to see them get things done.
Tracy knew what might happen. They had thought it through.
Riley took all the prescribed medicine and improved his health.
Robin was a concert pianist and was known as one of the best in the entire country.
Aubrey filled Riley's tank with fuel to have a fun drive on the highway.
kendall wanted to follow the plan so she stopped sydney from leaving.
Carson bought food for their son to bring to his picnic at school this week.
Kendall took his design degree seriously and came up with some great women's shoe designs.
Ash offered the job to the man and the others so they could work.
Sydney gave her mother the chicken pox she had just gotten over.
Remy was in a fight with the school bully; Remy took a licking and kept on ticking, wearing the bully out.
Jan moved back home because she didn't want to get a job.
Sasha worked at the accountants and was working on a big case, she used multiplication to determine the tax for the company in question.
Quinn wanted to impress everyone with a fancy meal, so Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner.
Lee has information on who committed a murder, Lee goes and speaks to the police.
Ash need to move Cameron's shoes just a bit, about an inch or so.
Jesse gave Addison a lecture after Addison stole candy from the store.
Jesse put her clothes onto the table so that she could sort them out.
Ryley had an argument with Jesse, their best friend.  Riley wrote Jesse a letter.
Quinn needed help with work so Alex pushed Quinn's work the right way.
Remy told her boyfriend that she wanted to get married to him as soon as possible.
Skylar was selfish and used Jessie for other purposes other than necessary.
Jordan was filled with anger and disgust at the aggressor when Jordan saw Casey's bruised face again.
Sydney made Austin money by giving them a job opportunity.
Riley called Kendall later to tell her about the party.
Jan grew an inch taller and tried out for the basketball team.
Cameron checked their mailbox for a package that has not arrived yet.
Taylor took a stab at the problem that the professor wrote on the whiteboard.
Kendall took the others to the museum and they had a great time before going out to dinner on the way home.
Even though Robin was having difficulties with their partner, Robin fought hard to make it work for the sake of the family so that they will stay together.
After forgetting to set an alarm, Lee was late to work.
Kendall dropped their phone onto the pavement. Kendall immediately picked it up.
Ash found love when they went out on a new date.
Sasha was cleaning Jan's room when she found a bag of drugs under the bed.
Sasha gave 110% to her work after she got the big raise.
Casey paid the rent two weeks before the due date.
Riley was looking forward to the big game. Riley was able to see the game on TV.
Riley just finished eating dinner and took the dishes to the sink. Riley then washed their dishes.
Remy broke up with their spouse last year. Remy was still happy.
Sydney believed Ash when he told her the story and agreed to defend him in court.
Quinn put ice in the machine so they could blend it up for smoothies.
Remy was poor and needed something to do. Aubrey got Remy a job.
Jesse ruled okay in the discussion.  They considered others' opinions very carefully.
Sasha determined Aubrey's customer base was young and they would likely relate to ads featuring young people.
Kai was asked what time they were supposed to be at the party. Kai gave the wrong time and was late.
Carson dared Ash to touch him.  He just needed an excuse to fight back.
Austin waited on Sasha after he arranged a cozy romantic meal for her.
Ash's fetus outweighed her last fetus and Ash was happy about the child's health.
Jordan watched their favorite movie.
Aubrey did not like to make decisions without thinking things through.
Lee brought home the bacon after getting a new job in a nice part of town.
Jan won two tickets in the contest.  They were very happy.
Taylor stopped talking to James. They weren't a good fit.
Cameron used their sink to give the kitten a bath with warm water and baby shampoo.
Remy returned the dog to the shop and asked for a refund.
Robin was running late to work but made it their just in time.
Taylor read Jordan's lips because she couldn't hear her.
Sydney was painting Alex's nails when an earthquake caused the design of the nails to go askew.
Robin was always late to appointments and their clients had to sit and wait.
Lee held fast to the ledge because she was scared of the ride.
Jesse told Remy they heard a noise. Jesse later admitted they just wanted to scare Remy.
Tracy wanted to get to know distant family members in Canada and visisted the country.
Lee was telling Casey a scary ghost story. Lee sent chills down Casey's spine while talking.
Lee was worried that Jesse was going to be in trouble for sneaking out of the house. Jesse put Lee's worries at ease.
Jan was going to take her turn but realized she left the dice in the other room.
Jessie place the music in the hands of the teacher before the concert.
Taylor wanted the patient to feel better so Taylor improved the patients mood.
Taylor inspected Cameron's body and raised Cameron's arms.
Addison was attending a pot luck dinner with friends.
Quinn called Carson's mom to see if Carson can stay for dinner.
Austin drove their car on the highway and went to the Grandparent's house for the holidays.
Quinn was allowed to invite one friend and all his friends asked to go, but he could only pick one.
Jesse was always looking to add to his collection of books. Jesse liked to read everything he could.
Remy got an education at a university and got a really good job.
Lee removed Ash from office after Ash was involved in an embezzlement scandal.
Aubrey had to go to the store to get things for dinner.
Sasha was a teacher and they were assessing the children's abilities.
Riley moved to a new city. Riley established close ties in the area.
Sydney is a boss who wants to fire Ash.
Riley called Jesse today and they spent hours catching up.
Bailey felt bored sitting at home and came out tonight.
Casey took her test slowly and scored really highly.
Jan was finally able to complete their dream of opening an art gallery. During the grand opening the gallery is packed. Jan sells out of every item the gallery had for sale.
Riley had been watching too much television, so Kai limited Riley's use.
Skylar mixed all the ingredients to make the cake for his birthday.
Remy bought a shock collar and taught the pet to think before acting.
After being yelled at to leave, Jordan walked towards the door.
Bailey rented the managing properties for a fee and was pleased with the profit.
Kendall went places while she was on vacation with everyone else.
Skylar went with Alex to the store.
Quinn loved the view and decided to climb a tree to see further out.
Riley told Quinn that they would like to meet them at a party and dance.
Jan spent their life looking after their children so as soon as they grew up Jan pursued their own interests.
Jan establish a nightclub on the basis of people having fun and respect one another's boundaries.
sydney was tired of skylar so she punched her in the face.
Ash took Casey's purse when they went to the store one day.
Jan killed Alex's father after finding out that he stole a million dollars from him.
A thief snatched Skylar's bag and ran off, Addison chased them and managed to get Skylar's bag and money back.
Taylor stayed after school to study for a big test that was coming up tomorrow.
Skylar divided voters into classes for the class government project.
Jordan managed Cameron's relationships effectively and got him a great deal.
Robin asked Jesse if he wanted to go out to dinner with her.
Jesse started to study at her school and got some good grades.
It was their five year wedding anniversary, so Lee expressed appreciation to Sydney.
Jan established a club on the basis that anyone could join that behaved.
Kendall gave up their life for the cure to cancer.
Riley invited Aubrey over to Addison's house to play a game of Chinese checkers.
Alex was ready to give up. She remembered John Cena and reconsidered. She knew he was there, she just couldn't see him.
Austin worked night shift every night so in the morning Austin went to bed and spent all afternoon sleeping.
Kendall tried to catch it but the freshly frosted birthday cake was already well on it's way to hitting the floor.
Kendall was friends with her brother's wife and knew everything about her.
Sydney blew them away with her impressive routine.
Bailey didn't get what they wanted and through a tantrum in the store. Bailey made a spectacle of themself.
Sasha and Skylar went to the department store and bought some pillows that they needed very badly.
Lee gave nobody a bonus at christmas time that year.
Quinn played Skylar's feelings in the process of changing her mind again.
Skylar studied a lot and did very well on the test they took.
Jesse accidentally dropped an expensive family heirloom and broke it to pieces.
Alex sold his shoes to a friend because he needed money for food.
Ash decided practiced what he learned in the cooking classes and make a big breakfast for everyone.
Kendall climbed a tree. Taylor knocked Kendall off his perch and he fell into the lake.
Kai went to their favorite shop and after trying on 4 pairs, Kai bought a new pair of shoes.
Cameron could hold onto the heavy stack of books any longer. Cameron dropped them into Carson's arms.
Riley had been keeping their affair a secret, but Jordan told Riley's boyfriend.
Alex learnt fast and was found to be the top student in the class.
Carson forces Jan's hand after the bank heist went badly.
Jan was having trouble sleeping so she decided to start exercising to see if it would help.
Addison saved the day when she remembered to bring a deck of cards.
Skylar was deepening the relationship with Remy and spending time with her family.
Skylar was poor as they had just spent 1000 dollars getting their car fixed so Sasha suggested treating Skylar to a shopping spree to cheer them up.
Kids were picking on Addison one day and she decided to show them up. She played a joke on them and Addison got the last laugh.
Riley stood around and talked to all of her friends outside.
Robin took a picture of the sunset they thought was amazing, so Robin posted the photo in a contest.
Skylar was stealing things from the office a lot. Skylar finally got caught and fired.
Skylar went to the park with a friend and they all had a good time there.
Taylor picked up her file and called forth the first witness.
Addison checked Skylar's car and discovered the engine was broken.
Jordan would not let Kendall use the Super Nintendo he just bought.
Jesse spent a long time online so they could complete their homework on time.
Casey provided the teachers with information about the cheating students.
Kai finished up at the hospital and left as soon as they were done.
Ash named Kendall's lily after his dog and the lily smelled great.
Kendall was riding their bicycle on the street at 7 AM on Monday morning.
Austin was baking all day in the kitchen. Cameron ate a piece of cake and Austin told him he made it from scratch.
Jan wanted to grow their own vegetables so they planted a garden in their backyard.
austin was a cool guy so he never wore a hat.
Lee asked Sasha to dance the last song at the concert.
Quinn wagged their finger at the dog after it ate their food.
Addison decided to break up with their boyfriend because they were unhappy.
Robin told people to be kind to others in life and they will be rewarded.
Skylar lost Kai's power tools after she borrowed them for the new fence.
Sasha took Sydney's family home because she was ordered by her boss to do so.
Sasha realized Cameron's error while he was making the presentation in front of the class.
Being a professional who once had similar project issues, Sydney gave Cameron some pointers.
Kai gave Alex work to do when he was off of his break.
Sasha paid Cameron respect at their funeral procession thought they had not done so when they were alive.
Bailey took their revenge on Robin by playing a funny joke on them.
Jordan whipped Tracy's head around and pulled her to the ground.
Jordan was retiring this week. It looked as if all their hard work had finally paid off.
Quinn put gas in the tank just before heading out for a long trip.
Riley took Jan inside the house because it was almost time to go to bed.
Tracy gave Austin piano lessons and Austin went on to become a great pianist.
Remy saved enough money after working long hours to afford the new phone.
Riley had started going to church a lot and told Taylor he had found God.
Jan and Skylar walked towards Lee at school to talk to them about what to do after class.
Quinn laid next to Jordan after a ruff night of drinking.
jesse was going to the college office anyways so he grabbed caseys degree.
Anna was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex took Sasha's daughter and punished her without telling the parent.
Casey asked her classmate out on a date although he was married and had three small children.
They were used to having Sasha pay for the liquor purchases, even though it was expensive. After all, Sasha supplied every last time. Well, not this time.
Skylar struggled with drug addiction. Austin changed Skylar's ways.
Remy was planning a party for Alex and sent invitations to all of Alex's friends.
Casey helped Taylor design the mural. Taylor created Casey's image.
Carson washed the germs off his hands after a child sneezed on them.
Taylor was a manager answering a coworker on when they would get paid.
Cameron did their job well when he knew a promotion was possible.
Aubrey cut the sandwich in two so that it could be shared with a friend.
Austin bit Skylar's lower lip when they were kissing.
Addison fulfilled Alex's mission and ultimately was rewarded for her efforts.
Bailey has a friend named Tracy, who is a doctor and  breast cancer survivor. Bailey was assigned a writing task in her English class. She is supposed to write about someone that has inspired her. She chose to write about Tracy's life.
Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner and he was happy to help.
Jordan was pleased that the winter weather had turned to spring.
Jan told Aubrey that she was going to ask Dan out for her.
Cameron climbed the fence to escape the kidnappers that had took her two months ago from home.
Bailey happily accepted the house they had won in the lottery.
Lee met people's expectations and finished the project a week early.
Tracey wouldn't let Casey in because they were going crazy and threatened to kill.
Alex packed Aubrey's car so that he could drive it to his moms house.
Jan wrote Addison an article that could help boost Addison's career if it got published.
Wanting to get away from all the commotion, Remy took the boat out on the lake.
Ash worked very well with others.
Skylar present Kai's response to the question to the city council.
Jesse was very late for work and had to makeup an excuse for this act.
Lee did not go quietly into that good night and looked at it squarely.
After disbelieving Kendall's claims of medical unfitness, Austin sent Kendall off to the war.
Addison told Riley that he was a big fan of his skills on the guitar that he played.
Sasha resigned inside Casey's office to avoid legal prosecution.
Tracy found fresh fruit and vegetables at the market which she used to pack her weekly lunches.
Quinn bought Alex flowers to make their relationship better.
Bailey guided Jan even more forcefully over to where the patio is.
They closed the bar down and cleaned up after the crazy people had fights.
Taylor and Remy were going to a concert in Las Vegas, they had tickets and a hotel booked. The night before their trip Taylor canceled and Remy, angrily, asked Taylor the reason for her change of heart.
Taylor gave Jesse some medicine that he hoped would clear his throat.
Tracy urged Robin to join after Robin declined repeatedly.
Kai failed the first one hard, but she got it together and retook the practice test.
Skylar saw meat on sale and wanted to buy some to make dinner.
jordan was fixing carson's eyes so he narrowed them.
Austin had three children all of whom have become doctors.
Skylar helped Jesse with his duties at work so he would not fall behind.
Sasha would see Taylor at school later that day to be able to return the book.
Remy found a dog injured on the roadway. Remy returned the dog to his family.
Addison wanted to make more money so she wanted ads.
Austin and Robin have been dating. One day Austin visited Robin's family.
Aubrey sung the song loud so everyone could hear.
Ash read Jesse's letter out loud to everyone in the room.
Quinn substituted a fruit for another one. The recipe was versatile.
Alex reached the peak of the mountain after climbing all day.
Sydney came to pick out a cropper. There were many models to choose from.
Remy called the student into the office after the student had been caught cheating on an exam.
Riley destroyed men's sexual desires when they see her in person.
The customer was shown a brand new shirt by Aubrey who worked there.
Taylor was in business for awhile and occupied the office for years.
Riley learnt how to cook from her mother when she was a kid.
There were a lot of people not even planning to the polls but Jordan persuaded many people to go out and vote.
austin spent all day writing a poem and he then read aloud the poem.
Austin looked Sydney straight in the eye and said he loved her.
Riley is a father and a surgeon. Riley promised children he would take them to the amusement park. But Riley got a call from work. Kai took Riley's kids to the park.
Remy was still hungry and so Remy prepared another cup of soup from earlier.
Jan acquired Skylar's interest by engaging her in conversation.
Taylor and Casey were playing in the backyard and during a play fight Taylor tussled Casey to the ground resulting in Casey cutting his arm.
Ash squeezed Quinn's hand tightly as they walked down the street.
Sydney wanted Kendall to come to the concert with her. Sydney asked Kendall's parents if she could go.
Tracy had to be taken to the hospital because she had the flu.
Remy was studying and Jan was making noise so Remy got angry, and put Jan away.
Ash asked Casey anything in the interview and the interviewee answered all the questions perfectly.
Everyone had the day off from school, so Kendall took us all to the museum.
Sydney was at a went to a great restaurant last night and really enjoyed the meal.
Kai kept Kendall's hands at their sides so she wouldn't reach for the ball until it was time.
Riley was excited to be dining at a Michelin starred restaurant.
Lee started his new job, which he had to get up early.
Robin found out that Remy had lied about breaking Robin's favorite watch.
remy saw the person who commited the crime so he avenged jordan's brother's dog.
Sasha had a cashier that was always doing outstanding work. Sasha gave their cashier a raise because of it.
Casey became an expert on Aubrey.  They grew up together in the same neighborhood.
Lee took Alex's time away from an important project when he asked for help.
Lee gave the worker a bonus for their yearly performance.
Tracy grabbed Sydney's hand before she took off to go play.
Austin popped Aubrey's head into a forward position to look at her scalp.
Riley had anger issues and went to counseling to get help.
Sasha got their new dog Cameron fixed at the veterinarian's clinic.
Bailey stopped the press with a big news story about the president and his wife.
Alex looked at Jordan and they both began to laugh at the whole situation.
Skylar put a hand on Addison's shoulder to comfort them about the death of their parent.
Kai was really scared when she was home alone.
Ash took Casey's anger away by telling them a happy story from the news.
Tracy took Casey's car without asking her first.
Ash occupied themselves for hours on end each day after school until Ash's parents finally arrived home from work.
Remy avenged jordan's brother's honer because it was the right thing to do. Afterall Jordan was their leader for many years and had shared his life and honor with them all.
After looking at many different shirts to choose from, Austin bought a new shirt.
Sydney made things better because of their attention to detail.
Quinn went into a bank to rob it and then opened fire.
The first day of school was today, and Ash hit the snooze alarm a dozen times.
Riley went beyond the scope of the investigation and started harassing innocent people.
jordan wanted to be able to legally drive so he took the driver's test.
ash was bored so she told sydney a secret.
Casey saw mice in Addison's room when they were studying for a test.
Carson gave their friends gifts. They loved their friends and wanted to show appreciation.
Carson said they would find it, but then they forgot to look.
Cameron lost Kai's life after the big work accident that year.
Skylar was drunk and loud, and yelled to Lee to get him some drinks.
Kai told Jan that he wanted to go watch a movie and have fun.
Lee was doing some shopping at the store before the holiday. Lee pushed their cart through the crowd.
Tracy gave Robin a hearing aid for Christmas last year as a gift.
Alex got some new shoes at the mall. Alex wore their new shoes.
It was a slow first day at the car dealership, but the few customers that came in Kendall persuaded to buy.
Alex told Bailey to get a job and earn her own money somewhere.
Carson solved the puzzle in an efficient way and now wants to relax for the rest of the night.
Alex stopped to get a sandwich in the middle of the city that night.
Skylar was often mean to Sasha for no reason. Sasha decided not to be friends with Skylar anymore.
Quinn came every day to check on her beloved mother in the hospital.
Cameron found a way home by asking a friend for a ride when he was stranded.
Carson had been working a double shifts for the whole week. Now Carson was getting tired.
Austin met the client's needs and they praised him highly.
A storm was coming and everyone was panicking so Taylor set their minds at ease.
Kendall taught Alex's dog tricks yesterday while watching Alex's dog at his house.
Sydney did not give a monkey's uncle what everyone else thought about her dress.
Quinn brought up and raised Robin's children at her own house.
They saw a downed power line in the road, so Addison called the electric company.
Tracy told her friends she found some money in the street.
Riley carried Aubrey's bag far because Aubrey could not do it.
Cameron got a good night's rest after taking long intense exercises during the day.
Despite being seen as a mentor and confidant, Tracy led Alex's existence nowhere.
Jesse told Lee's story for Lee when Lee was unable to speak.
Skylar  was mad at  Baileys for yesterday  incident, so he called Bailey by name.
Robin needed to get to work but their car was in the shop.
Excellent presents were given to Addison.
Taylor's experience went from good to life changing, this meant culminating into a magically climatic moment.
Kendall happened to have a pocket full of treats, so Kendall threw them to the dogs.
Bailey was sick and needed to take the day off from work.
Everyone was chipping in to buy their boss a present, so Bailey played a part in providing money.
Bailey fought long and hard in the match and finally came out on top to win the championship.
Due to drunk driving, Robin abolished drinking completely in the states.
Robin prevented the dog from passing by placing treats near the door to distract the dog.
Aubrey played a role in helping her class organize a food drive in her community.
Jordan was trying to get the promotion. Jordan worked long and hard.
Carson found the doll that they had been looking for in the garage.
Riley got Robin a business opportunity and it really helped their friend.
After the large dinner party, Riley washed their dishes without being asked.
Remy looked their parent in the eye and lied to both of them.
Skylar kept Remy commandments in her mind when she was going to find a good place to eat.
Lee made sausages, biscuits, and scrambled eggs for breakfast for the family.
Remy and friends were sleeping in the same bed.There was only one blanket. Remy quickly grabbed the blanket.
Sasha expressed Skylar's feelings in terms. Sasha thought she'd done a good job.
Kai found a bird and chased after it to get it away.
bailey heard a noise and then shot and killed the intruder.
Quinn tried to stop the robber at the convenience store and got shot in return.
Jan found she had a lot in common with him and gradually became close to him.
Sasha extended Skylar's punishment at the expense meeting and got a lot of praise because of this action.
Sydney meant a lot to Sasha and Sasha wanted to get them a gift.
Late in his bar tending shift, Taylor made two med shaken martinis.
Austin protested too much against his girlfriend's abortion but he realized did not want a baby either.
Remy wanted to impress their friends with their skill in playing guitar.
Casey set Remy's affairs in order by making sure everything was due on time.
Addison dedicated Tracy's journal to the service. It was a thoughtful approach.
Kai defined Casey's clothing line in short terms for the people to understand.
jan did a backflip with weights on his back so he impressed a girl.
Kendall held Robin close at the party as they slow danced to their favorite song.
Sydney gave Ash grief about not meeting his obligations.
Cameron grouped them together, so everybody on the bus could fit in the bus.
Aubrey found the bag of money in the parking lot.
Quinn decided to be generous and give everyone one.
Addison received detention for bullying, even though they were the victim.
Austin's face was red and he had a slight fever. Austin didn't feel well so he stayed in bed.
Kai's association with Sydney increased even though Sydney didn't really enjoy the company.
Ash kept Casey's eye on you while Ash hid the presents.
Skylar slipped on a puddle in their kitchen while cooking dinner and fell and hurt their hip.
After Bailey had been fired before, Jan decided to give the worker another shot.
Riley showed a cat to their parents hoping they would let her have it.
Austin used every utensil when preparing for the cookout.
Robin unpacked Sasha's things so that Sasha wouldn't have to do it because Sasha has pain from arthritis.
Alex made Carson's inspections earlier than expected, and Carson didn't have time to clean up the mouse poop.
jordan wanted no more mistakes, so he made sure to give taylor the right book.
Cameron recently got married and he and his wife decided to go to Jamaica for their honeymoon.
Aubrey got with the program and studied very hard to get better grades that semester.
Austin did not want to leave the party but his parents said he needed to be home early.
Carson was unsure if they wanted to open a new location. Carson decided it would be best to move the business forward.
Sydney works odd jobs while going to college.  One day they delivered packages to people in the city.
Sydney is Addison's best friend who moved to another country last year. Today, Sydney called and wished Addison a happy birthday.
The group was late for the important meeting again. Ash asked them what happened.
Tracy protected Austin's ice cream from the sun but she dropped the cone on the floor.
Jan focussed Remy's attention on her homework at night.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp, the one he always wanted to go to.
Jesse shared Jordan's love by getting some good coffee and good pizza.
Sydney slipped while running in the rain and looked silly.
Addison got lost at her very first concert. Addison finally found their family after searching.
Cameron renewed their vows with her husband of 10 years.
Lee stood shoulder to shoulder in the heat of battle.
Jesse had a math test on friday that they needed to study for.
Quinn protected their children from the bad evil outside world.
Jordan walked towards the door to leave work early that day.
Skylar and Cameron have the same bag with the same make and model. Today after class, Skylar grabbed Cameron's bag without checking.
Riley pulled over to safety when they saw that there was black ice on the roads.
Lee sold Cameron's goods on Ebay to help her earn some money.
Kendall developed and tested a rocket. It was their own design.
Casey never gave Cameron anything for the thanks of the giving service.
Cameron waved his hand at Casey and motioned for her to join them in the stands.
Remy saw the emotion in Jordan's eyes as he told her about his father dying.
Jordan held the door open and let his friends come into the house.
Riley and friends were camping and it looked like the camp fire was going out so Riley fanned the flames then added new sticks.
the flood had affected the whole neighborhood, everyone was required to help.
Kai and Riley got divorced. Kai took Riley's kids away. Riley is crying everyday.
Aubrey devoted their life to the work of the people of the country that day.
Carson didn't want to play anymore so he pulled the football away.
Ash got smacked in the face which shocked and scared everyone around them.
Jordan said something behind his back so no one would hear it.
Taylor gave Lee's son a cold and the rest of the family got sick as well.
Taylor ran out of gas on the freeway. After getting some gas, Taylor returned to the station and filled their gas tank.
Lee asked Jordan to pick up their shirt at the dry cleaners. Jordan got their shirt.
Bailey recently lost a watch and his friend decided to buy him a new one.
Kendall wanted to cook a special dinner tonight so she brought groceries home.
Robin was suffering from the flu for two weeks but after rest and hydration she started to feel back to normal.
Taylor kissed Lee's hand and looked expectantly up at them.
On a trip to the beach Sasha saved the boy's life when she was swimming in the water.
Addison gave Bailey the advantage so that Bailey could finally win a game.
cameron was a grateful person so he made sure to use sydney's desk well.
Carson filled Cameron's shoes with the details about the big meeting.
Sydney volunteers at the homeless shelter every weekend. This time, they handed out food.
Alex wore long pants because it was cold outside.
Aubrey was scared of the new dog, but Kendall placed Aubrey's hands on the dog.
Cameron spoke of Bailey well because he felt sorry for her.
Robin took them around the neighborhood to introduce them when they first moved in.
Quinn hired a clown for their child's party. However, the children were crying and afraid.
Jordan provided Tracy a service by renting a truck and helping her move all her furniture into storage.
Kai got Jesse together with her boyfriend for a meal to introduce the two of them.
Robin was getting tired and wanted their friends to leave.
robin played in the mud so she got dirty in the park.
Austin ran his hands through Bailey's hair at the movie theatre.
Carson learnt how to sew for their sewing class at school.
I used to be very sick but Tracy changed my life with her devout prayers and healed me.
Jan started a blog on animals in the rain forest.
Jordan's dog was following them so they pushed the dog away.
Riley ran away from Casey because Casey was being rude to him.
Ash let the cat inside because it was freezing outside.
Jan went outside to play after watching her favorite movie for awhile.
bailey had a talent so she told jesse her fortune against her will.
They served at his dinner and gave everyone food poisoning so they got sued.
Jordan hurt his leg playing soccer. He was crying out in pain but suddenly stopped.
Addison saw a friend on the road and said hi to them and then went on their way North.
Jesse took a date to a bar instead of to a nice restaurant.
Bailey made a spectacle of oneself in front of the entire class and was embarrassed.
Austin decided to get a haircut so that everyone would think he looked nice.
Jesse got good grades.  Their parents gave him a new car.

Prompt word count: 4.
Riley walked slowly because she wanted to make sure that she didn't step on any glass.
Kai fought his way out of the crowd of people so he could get home.
Sydney took their glasses off and slowly began cleaning the lenses with a small cloth.
Sasha was very happy with what they accomplished at the race track that year.
Ash sent Sydney to work where she teaches children how to dance.
Ash bid Jesse farewell on his deathbed after suffering from an illness.
In their article, Kansas gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Taylor ate the right food for once, and actually started to feel healthy again.
Cameron turned Jesse's eyes away from the crime because it was deadly.
Sydney gave Ash a compliment when she saw him at the store.
Skylar chased Carson away because Carson had been obsessive and controlling over Skylar.
Remy's friends were playing pranks on him, so Remy decided to teach them a lesson by letting the air out of their tires.
Alex shook Carson's arm slowly to wake Carson from a slumber.
Joseph was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin begged and begged for a new puppy from their parents.
Remy told Robin that he wanted to take her out to a movie on the weekend.
Casey gave Sydney notes so she could study for the test and do well.
Tracy gave a nice new watch as a present unto Casey.
Cameron recently had a grandparent die. Carson paid Cameron's a visit.
Kendall had a party at Jordan's house after he told her they could celebrate her graduation at his house.
When Kendall and Aubrey went horseback riding, they chose to mount the stable's wildest horses.
Robin told her son to go outside with friends.
Despite feeling scared and nervous, Cameron's friends encouraged him to try surfing anyway. It turned out that Cameron had fun and enjoyed surfing.
Riley accepted another deal that her father gave her to inspire her to raise her grades to a B level.
Sasha asked where Casey was going.
Cameron got the role in the big movie to play the main character.
Sasha induced water in cells for the science lab project that was due.
Jan played volleyball.
Cameron walked right the left to get in line to order their meal.
Austin split their drink with their date since it was so large.
Quinn volunteered to help a friend move on Quinn's only day off of work.
Jan played a part in the etiology so that the research would progress well.
Jordan did Sydney's hair and makeup and Sydney was unhappy with how it turned out.
carson asked my mom about prom so that the event would go as smoothly as possible.
Cameron worked in a lab with many specimens divided into classes.
jordan was a nice man so he gave taylor the right gift.
Casey played first person shooter video games with her friends often.
Casey is planning a project for work and organizing it for everyone.
Skylar wants to cook a big dinner tonight to make their mom happy.
Kai bought a large amount of wood to get through the winter.
Casey and her friends went out to a restaurant for dinner. Casey orders fried chicken.
Robin finally landed at the airport, and quickly made their way to the food court.
Riley struck a blow that sent the thief reeling.
Addison used fire to keep himself and his friends warm.
Robin crossed Riley's legs while they were in church.
Lee had left to go to London, so Casey sat alone in Lee's room.
Skylar learned that Jan had been gossiping about them to co-workers and was not pleased.
Austin went outdoors to go fishing with a friend he had.
Jan made sculptures for a living. Recently she showed her work in a gallery and she sold two pieces.
Quinn was the pastor of a church that served drug addicts and homeless people.
Lee called a spade a spade and never lied to people.
Jesse and friends went to the funfair and Jesse was a big coward but after alot of persuasion Jesse rode a roller coaster fearfully.
Kai believed that the ballots had been tampered with, so Kai petitioned the election for redress.
Austin laments as he saw the stock rising rapidly, he had listened to the wrong advice and sold his shares the day before.
Bailey had only ever tried the mango ice cream, so Bailey tried another flavor.
Ash had always wanted to see a live rock band, so Ash saw a concert.
Cameron loved that he worked with children last year.
Carson bought presents for their son's first birthday celebration with the family.
jan was preoccupied by something else so kendall sat at jan's desk.
Ash stole one bottle of wine, then he drank it in one sitting.
Robin had a dream that recurred every day and it was very scary.
Lee wanted to do a swimming work out so he threw a toy in the deep end of the pool and wanted to see how fast he could get it.
Quinn wanted to show their affection, so Quinn gently brushed Ash's fingers with their hand.
Quinn is very sick with a bad cold. The doctor recommended a humidifier. Quinn sets up the machine and adds water.
Kendall and his friend had to get home before the game starts, therefore he played a part in determining a plan.
Kai is a researcher who is working on his dissertation. He induced weight loss in mice in the laboratory.
Jesse read Jordan a story before bedtime so he'll go to sleep.
Jordan arranged a party for Addison. Jordan invited Addison's girlfriend and she said yes.
Jesse laid on Remy's back while they watched a show in bed.
After the large car accident, Cameron needed someone to talk to.
Sasha moved out of their home and settled with Bailey.
Tracy worked very hard to pay off her own bills. Tracy became tired later.
Addison was about to go out on a date. Addison checked herself in the mirror before she left.
Ash sold Casey's house for a much lower price than it was bought for.
Aubrey got upset with their spouse and eventually left.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter to hopefully find a new dog.
Even though they were told not to touch the thermostat, Austin raised the temperature by a degree.
kai was new to the city so he kept going on dates.
Riley was getting married and was very excited but Riley was also worried that something would go wrong so they made a point of over preparing for everything.
Carson's dog ran out of the fence. Carson thought they could find their dog by looking in the neighborhood.
Lee really wanted to do their best at the spelling bee.
Jan gave Addison orders when they asked for help baking the cake.
Skylar drove a car to the movie theater.
Ash smacked their lips together when they saw Bailey.
Tracy had some friends and asked Lee to meet them.
Remy decided to post flyers because he needed to raise money and find his dog.
Tracy was throwing dishes at people, but Quinn avoided Tracy's action.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend later that Riley was cheating on them.
Riley stopped teasing Lee today after they realized it hurt Lee's feelings.
While visiting Robin's new house, Aubrey decided to take Robin's money.
Cameron was new at school and came to the office. Quinn created Cameron's file for him.
Taylor tried to see the new movie but the tickets were sold out.
Tracy shook their head no after being asked a question.
Kai is preforming in a concert. A member of the audience collapses. Kai stops playing.
Jordan turned the car to the left to avoid the deer.
Robin had to clean his room out and store stuff. Robin kept his stuff together.
Skylar followed her pets around trying to gather them up and the others helped as well.
Lee defended Austin's rights to free speech even if it's unpopular.
Taylor dropped the book on the ground and politely asked for the book.
Kai found out the Jesse was eight weeks pregnant, the baby was his.
Aubrey helped Remy reach their new weight goal.
Jesse put Lee's concerns at ease by giving him a shoulder massage.
After the keys went missing, Tracy tried their hardest to find them.
Jordan gazed into Carson's eyes on the terrible sorrow experienced there.
Tracy often made pancakes to eat in the morning before school.
Alex was told Kai did not want anything even though Kai was hungry for some food.
After trying for many hours, Carson eventually made it to the next level of the video game.
Tracy took Casey's car because her's was in the shop getting repaired.
Tracy paid Remy back all the money she owed him with interest.
Kai made their laws more lenient throughout the years as he had the commanding seat.
Alex brushed away the webs as he was delving deeper into the dark dungeon.
Cameron tasted the sauce that their girlfriend made. Even though Cameron hated it, they said it tasted delicious.
Robin wore women's deodorant. It was not very effective.
Jan wanted to tell them all what they thought after they were making jokes about them.
Austin made it easier to use after messing with it for awhile and finding a better design.
Quinn was rich and had everything. Quinn gave Bailey the best of everything.
After Remy's dad cancelled their coffee meetup, Cameron saw Remy's dad in the crowd at a concert.
Jordan put posters up to advertise the upcoming event to be held at the theater.
Bailey gave everyone the opportunity to say what there opinion is.
Lee saw his friend Casey had a flat tire, so he stopped to help change it.
Addison prevented the man from gaining any cheap advantage in the game.
robin kept their kids together because they felt the other kids were not good enough.
After getting ready for his date, Taylor wanted to see his girlfriend naked and eat some fries.
Cameron was always cold. He didn't care how many people he had harmed.
Ash saw a hole in their reasoning and cut a wide swath in the argument.
Jan left Riley's keys in the kitchen by accident because she was in a rush.
Addison was sitting on the bus when she noticed an ad for shampoo above the seat opposite her.
Cameron hit a snag when they were working on a big work project.
Jan was very confused about the math homework that night, so Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend to ask a question.
Casey had some legal problems so he decided to hire Aubrey's attorney.
Hazel was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse has a date and wants to look and feel very clean.
To optimize her results for purchasing the car, Aubrey stated the deal using different terms.
Remy returned Alex's gaze with a look of infatuation.
Addison put Quinn's arms around their body because they wanted to show some affection.
Quinn used Casey's hand to help Casey practice drawing, by guiding it across the paper.
Ash brought Lee's family a gift from his trip to Europe.
Casey prepared Cameron for emergencies by teaching them about safety.
Jordan went to the store and got some shrimp for the dinner he was planning.
Riley finished Jan's project because it was due the next day.
Austin made is home safely after he left the party a little bit early.
Michael was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
After being gone for years, Kai returned Sydney's land to settle their differences.
taylor gave the patient some new medicine and it improved the patient's mood.
Remy was on the basketball team before he sprained his ankle and was out for the season.
Inspired by a recent trip to the ballet, Robin took a dancing class.
Alex took the money and went to the store to get groceries for his sick mom.
Alex had not seen their best friend Sydney for a long time.  Alex drove from Florida to see Sydney.
Tracy wanted to spend this semester working on her grades to get her GPA up.
Kendall joined Skylar's party even if he was invited to a better party.
Sasha knew Kai for a long time and had a huge crush on them.
Ash held Jordan's gaze to the TV show that they turned on.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands into her own while saying sentimental words.
Jesse loved to play football and many other sports as well.
Taylor is a doctor who sees many patient in a day. One particular patient is having an awful day but Taylor takes the time to improve the patient's mood.
Quinn is at an arcade playing games and puts coins in the machine.
Sydney placed Remy's phone where he could reach it when his leg was broken.
Jordan made room for Tracy before the day was over.
Quinn burnt the candle at both ends so he would save some money.
Jan used Quinns Id to get access to the building to see them.
Jesse's niece was staying over and had to go to school.
A car ran by Sydney and they shooed it away fast.
Sydney scraped their cage with a piece of metal they found on the ground.
Lee have finally solve a cold case that plagued the town for years when he arrested Sydney.
Jan turned their car left to avoid the branch in the road.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter when she said she wanted to get a dog.
Jan skips breakfast because she was late for work that day.
Jordan and Tracy met at the pub and really hit it off so Jordan told Tracy to get their keys.
Jan and Lee went out and saw a movie with their friends.
Quinn attended to her parents´business to learn more about it.
Riley looked them straight in the eye and told them about the creature under the bed.
Lee finds Alex attractive and want to ask Alex out on a date.
Bailey paid their cable bill on time and got to watch some good shows later.
Jesse eloped to Vegas and went to get married.
Jesse pressed the button to call the elevator so he could go up to his hotel room.
Cameron prevented harm by others when he put on a bulletproof vest.
Jordan totalled his own car so Jordan took Sasha's car to get there.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of Aubrey favorite shoes, as a surprise for her birthday party.
Aubrey said she would help with the party and bake the cake.
Sasha picked the pink dress and after trying it on, she bought it at the store and brought it home.
Robin was driving down the street. Robin cam to a stop at a crossing.
Casey is performing as a singer at a nightclub. Sasha is Casey's friend and visited the club to see Casey perform. After the performance, Casey met with Sasha backstage.
Jan put on a scary monster mask and jumped out of the closet to scare Kendall away.
Sydney changed Tracy's way of finishing the project without asking permission to do it.
Robin asked Alex for help with her science homework. She used Alex's advice to design a new experiment.
Skylar moved to a new town and wanted to make new friends.
Taylor took my daughter to her dance class so that she would be the best in the world.
Remy taught the pet rock to think about religion and philosophy.
Cameron was taking a shower after a long hard day of work.
Jesse pulled punches during the fight because his opponent was so frail.
kai was a playful person so he loved to play paintball.
Ash needed some groceries for dinner and and sent his friend to the store.
It was icy and slippery outside, so Riley slipped, fell and dropped their bag.
Lee played tag with their friend and had a lot of fun.
Kai told their friend that they wanted to get a new dog for Christmas that year.
Addison was looking through the newspaper and saw an ad for a car.
Remy spent all his time playing video games all summer long.
Jordan gave Taylor the right of way when they were at the four way stop.
Lee put some cream on her face after hearing that it was good for opening the pores.
Robin was getting married and asked their best friend to be the Maid of Honor at the wedding.
Remy and the other boy were fighting terribly but Aubrey pulled Remy apart from him.
Robin kept an eye out for the missing dog to better help the community.
Jan knew what else to say and gave a big speech about the climate.
Robin was dating their partner for a year before proposing to them in front of everyone.
Taylor gave their daughter medicine, so the flu will go away a bit faster.
There was supposed to be a surprise quiz but Austin saw a copy of the quiz in the professor's briefcase so he knew about it already and passed easily.
sasha was a compassionate person so she gave the hobo money.
Robin got closer to her teacher by giving some gifts filled with candy.
Bailey expressed their great ideas to the group at school about the school project.
Remy was very sad and decided to give it their best shot to get the job.
Alex got in his car and rode away after having a fight with their friend at a party.
Jan prevented Sydney from becoming angry by telling her to calm down.
Taylor attended her first history class today and learned more than she ever thought.
Casey talked to Ash's teacher after Ash confessed to Casey that they had plagiarized most of their written assignments.
Jesse was playing a pickup basketball game on the weekends with his friends.
Addison scheduled Casey's cat to be in the cat show contest.
cameron whispered in jan's ear to tell them how much they love jan.
jordan enjoyed robin's work so much that they wanted to sign them to a deal.
Kendall was so frustrated they decided to kill every ant in sight.
addison did not like jan so she decided to take jan's husband.
Tracy is not the smartest person at home or in her class. Tracey gets bored easily. Tracy decided to stick a fork in an outlet.
Tracy parked her car in a parking garage but is unable to locate it.
Cameron checked the patient's heartbeat and determined they were ok.
Ash tried Addison's hardest test so that they could help out Addison in the future.
Tracy loved Lee's country and though she might agree to move there.
Kai was on vacation for a week, so Taylor volunteered to open Kai's store while they were gone.
Bailey took a test all day to ensure she made a good grade on her SAT.
Jesse told Ash yesterday that they'd had a crush on Ash for years.
Addison made a lot of money selling stuff on the internet.
Ash was getting worried after not hearing from her grandmother, so she went to her house.
Skylar showed their friends their future after looking into her crystal ball in the dark.
Cameron always puts up pictures on social media after taking them.
Jesse took my girlfriend's soup from her for no reason.
Skylar was supposed to meet her friend for lunch, but she was stuck in traffic.
Aubrey bought Alex's lunch and it was a yummy burger with giant fries.
Remy saw the new girl at school one day. Remy started to have a crush on a girl.
Quinn bought food from the grocery store to meal prep for the week.
Alex and Quinn had split up and Alex was angry, so much so that Alex crossed Quinn's face out of the photograph of them together.
Kendall asked them if they wanted to go to a party with them.
Quinn maintained their rights when the police questioned them.
Alex enjoyed making Sydney cry every day and shed tears.
Robin decorated her room like the ocean, so you could say that Robin slept with the fishes.
Sydney concentrated the water into his hands and lathered up with soap.
Skylar paid their bill in full since they did not want to pay in installments.
Even though the criminals caused a lot of trouble, Taylor hoped they would find peace.
Taylor stirred men's desires and reveled in the attention.
Bailey was having a bad day but new they would make it.
Kendall is trying to be more responsible and stick to a very strict schedule.
Alex picked flowers out of the garden after they grew fully.
Austin escaped from their cage and ran out into the woods to lay low for a bit.
Kendall walked to school one day and found a one hundred dollar bill.
Kendall turned their meeting to things that might need to get done in the future for the company's continued success.
Tracy tipped his server very generously which impressed everyone.
lee wanted to be helpful so she held out skylar's arms in vain.
Sydney made a big deal out of the small problem they had at work.
Tracy went to the store and bought some items for her daughter's birthday.
Tracy went on a business trip to meet with colleagues. She became aware that she needed to schedule more meetings. She stayed a few extra days.
Carson's brother was forever borrowing money. Carson kept a record of the number of times and amounts borrowed.
Taylor timed to go home by the time she had lunch.
Austin thinks someone broke into the house and may be in the closet.  Austin opened the closet door.
Jan saw that one of their friends was really drunk and got them to buy everyone drinks.
Kendall chose Ash to be her first time because she was in love.
Remy told his friends that he wanted to go to a Halloween party.
Dylan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy bought a new book and started to read it in her house.
Austin made sanwiches for lunch so that they would not have to stop at a restaurant.
Quinn was the nurse on duty when Jan was admitted to the hospital.
Quinn made it to school just in time to enter class before the teacher closed the door.
Aubrey took time out of there day to spend time with their children.
Sasha persuaded the kids to join in on the fun and go swimming.
Jesse devoted their entire life's savings to the study for hair loss recovery.
Ash shared one ice cream with their girlfriend, while Ash ate the other one.
Carson worked very hard to gain the confidence of his boss, Riley, and was finally able to win it.
Austin caught Taylor trying to sneak out of the house last night and threatened to tell their parents. Austin had Taylor by the short hairs.
Alex took Addison to the animal shelter when they decided to adopt a dog as a pet.
The organization where Skylar worked understood that the best ideas can come from anywhere and therefore encouraged employees to express their ideas and concerns.  Therefore, Skylar spoke her mind freely when it came to sustainable business practices.
Kendall played the piano well and as such was invited to an important recital.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed in training the new show horse.
Bailey thought they had all the answers so they never asked any question.
Remy did a magic trick and impressed their friends a lot.
Casey was an only child and their parents spoiled them. Casey got anything they wanted.
Casey thought for a moment and declined Ash's invitation.
Casey, fresh out of hair styling school, tried cutting Sydney's hair very short.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in reading so they would have a common interest.
Austin was ready to play basketball after school that day.
carson had a crush on sasha, so he resolved her problems for her.
Casey wanted to the visit the great wall of china today.
Tracy knew a lot about the subject of history, so Aubrey asked Tracy a question.
Lee was very competitive and always wanted to win.
Sasha browsed Addison's collection of CD's and asked to borrow one of them.
CArson was playing in his last game and decided to go hard or go home.
Cameron got more money than his friend because he worked a lot harder.
Tracy was crossing their legs and bouncing, so Skylar advised Tracy to go to the bathroom.
Tracy amended the speech by adding a paragraph to the end of it to wrap it all up.
Robin recurred every few weeks after agreeing to do it.
Robin stayed home from work to relax, so Robin baked a cake all day.
Tracy liked to drink milk when they have cookies to eat.
Aubrey limited Taylor's ability to play video games because of the bad grades.
Cameron got along with others because she was a friendly girl.
Lee was cleaning the office furniture. They collected dust.
Austin derived their weaknesses from the information that the individuals shared by their own consent.
Jordan started their first day of school with a smile, even though their classmates were all complaining.
Quinn gave Jan some money to hold on to so Quinn wouldn't lose it, so Jan put Quinn's money away.
Jordan kicked the ball into the goal to win the game.
After Jordan's mother died from a drunk driver, Jordan created consumer awareness and positive feelings.
lee was a dedicated servant to the king so he knelt next to jesse.
Bailey also found a new job after turning over 100 job applications and resumes.
After getting the news about his ailing father, Austin got his things and headed to the airport.
Riley hired Carson to build a new website. Carson made the site dynamic.
Even though she had no intentions of anything other than just being friends with the others, Tracy always teased them and pretended differently.
Sydney stayed home all day because their child was ill.
Cameron did not study for the test, so Robin took the test for him.
Alex told Remy what they want, and it was something Alex didn't want to give up.
Quinn saw an outfit they liked at the store & wanted to buy it.
Remy went to a driving school and finally learned to drive.
Wanting to raise money for breast cancer, Addison took part in the Life Race.
Skylar bore pain every second that he held the rope that kept those climbing out of the mine.
Aubrey decided to buy a new car, her old one was always breaking down.
jordan wanted to play the game correctly so he stayed still.
Jesse had some medicine left over from when they were sick. Taylor gave Jesse's medicine to them.
Alex went to the circus and the lion escaped and chased him around the tent for awhile.
Jan sipped Sydney's coffee and ended up finishing all of it.
Austin put Kendall and Tom to war by causing them to fight each other.
Casey and Joel met at their favorite bar last Friday at 9 PM.
Alex told their sister a joke and she laughed and started to feel cheered up.
Kai believed that apples are a healthy food so Kai love apples.
Tracy undertook another task because she was done with one.
Cameron felt so happy. It was a nice change of pace.
Austin had another idea on how to make a better type of cake.
After a long day of work Remy put their feet up and tried to relax.
Carson had been wanting to spend time with Taylor for a while, and finally got the courage to ask, so Carson invited Taylor to her house.
Cameron put Robin's hand out to guide them how to do it properly.
Carson loved Chinese food. It was delicious and healthy.
Ash had to use a gun to defend thier home from would be burglars.
Sasha caught Tracy off guard when she entered the room unannounced.
Addison, the company's manager, approved to give Sasha a new position.
In the school play, Robin played a hero in the struggle to the death with the angry villain.
Kendall helped to get the television started so others could watch the game.
Jesse called her kids over.  Jesse's kids refused to comply in front of others.
Tracy felt like cooking a big dinner for the whole family.
Jordan saw Casey's face again and felt anger about what happened last night.
Skylar made things right between them and their friend after an argument.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal before they realized that they were out of milk.
Riley bought a new soda for Taylor and then let it fall to the ground.
Lee flipped his lid when he found out that they had been gone all day long.
remy worked at the post office so he gave ash a job opportunity.
Austin met the client's to drop off paperwork regarding finalization of the business deal.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to dinner but later felt guilty and wanted to tell Kendall.
Bailey joined forces with the others to help them succeed.
Sydney moved around a lot but finally found a home that they loved.
Taylor told their son, Alex they were going out of town for the weekend.
Sydney is the executor of Remy's estate, as the latter is disabled.
Riley defied every rule that the boss had put in place.
Austin liked animals and listed every animal at the zoo to his friends.
Austin has never been on a train before and decided to by tickets for one.
Robin was waiting for Addison to answer the questions so Addison produced a response for Robin.
Carson immediately picked it up and cleaned it off to see who it belonged to.
Jan treated him differently because he was more special to them than their other children.
Addison was putting books together for a publisher. Addison bound the books together.
Remy threw a dinner party at their house for all of their friends and family.
Jesse through her phone was ringing, but she picked up Riley's phone, which looked very similar.
Robin dropped a glass and cut theirself badly, so Sydney took Robin to the emergency room.
As a paid attorney, Taylor protected Sasha's rights.
Sydney regretted Taylor's decision about the movie they watched.
Alex and Jordan were very good at communicating with expressions, Alex gave Jordan a funny look.
It was Tracy's birthday and her friends threw her a surprise party, Tracy opened their gifts.
They emptied out their entire bookbag to search for them, but Ash had lost their keys.
Jesse took the key in Kai's hands and threw it over the fence so Kai couldn't get it.
Kai skipped school because he wanted to sleep in his nice bed instead.
Carson got all the ingredients for dinner but still needed to preheat the oven and prepare some other things.
Lee got Kendall's bike back from the junkyard for pennies on the dollar and started to repair it in their garage.
Jan showed Austin's picture to them because she loved Austin a lot.
Remy let Kendall beat him at the game.
Carson spot checked the weld before moving onto the next and repeating their actions.
Lee gave a gift to Cameron for their birthday and also got them a cake.
Carson didn't want anything to do with Bailey after they betrayed their trust.
Alex had a lot to drink at a party.
Looking to avoid showing any embarrassment over it, Sydney turned their face away from Jordan.
Carson was trying to figure out how to get to their wife's workplace. Carson got directions from their wife.
Quinn followed the advice Tracy gave when shopping for a phone.
Carson played Candy Crush on his phone while he was sitting outside.
austin saw tracy wanted a treehouse so he built her one.
Quinn was working hard but was running out of time so Quinn required Alex's effort to complete their work and Alex kindly agreed and helped Quinn finish the work.
kendall wore a nice sexy dress which aroused sydney's interest.
Jesse quit cold turkey without any program helping him.
Carson is a student that received ridicule from other students for being a different race from them.
Ash packed up Jordan's stuff, including bathing suit, sun block, tee shirts, and shorts.
Jordan told Robin she was going to a new school next year and would not see her.
Sydney also gave Ash a compliment about the nice clothes that evening and was impressed.
Skylar's husband was busy working out upstairs. He stopped because he couldn't breathe. Skylar took her husband to the emergency room.
Quinn is in a group project with Alex and Alex does not show up to meetings.
Casey told Lee the story of how she cheated on a test.
Alex kept the dog under control while the police searched the house.
Carson had broken the heart of another one of their lovers.
Casey gave Alex aid after he fell off of his bike.
Remy broke up with their spouse last year. Remy was still happy.
Casey was assigned a variety of tasks by their teacher. Casey conquered every task.
Bailey judged the lack of righteousness by that man and decided it was best to stay away.
Lee sent the students who were misbehaving by throwing balls to the principal's office as an example to the others who were supposed to be studying their materials.
Quinn solved the country's crisis by using their intelligent brain.
Sasha works two jobs and is very tired at the end of the day.
addison was a honest person so he gave the money back to the homeless man.
After a period of being alone for awhile, Lee got some friends.
Sasha brought the little kitten over to the new owner's house.
Cameron strained every avenue during the investigation to be thorough.
Jordan took his sister to the circus and did not invite anyone else.
Addison grew to love Kendall. Kendall recognized this and was happy about it.
Lee slept with Addison's girlfriend and Addison spots Lee walking down the street.
Kai bought diapers at the store as a gift for a friend who just had a baby.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend hard in every game they played against each other and soon grew tired of the lack of challenge.
While tending Austin's garden, Tracy placed a shade over the garden to protect Austin's flowers from the sun.
Ash played tricks on their friend by getting some peanut butter and some balloons.
Taylor stayed after school to work on his group project with his group.
Jan had been competing for first place in a competition, and it was left up to Aubrey to decide Jan's fate.
Skylar ordered a book online and waited anxiously for it to arrive.
Robin fought hard, followed the advice and beat the cancer, thus inspiring everyone.
aubrey was in no rush in her life so she waited in line patiently.
Alex wiped Remy's eye because she noticed her mascara was starting to smear.
Taylor read Austin's mind and ordered the pizza he was craving.
Ash implemented Jordan's program instead of theirs because Jordan's was better for the company.
Skylar got a promotion and took everyone out to lunch to celebrate.
Jan went to the school and picked up her daughter Casey who was waiting.
Nolan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney wanted to recruit Kai to work for their new company.
Lee drove home Casey's family because they didn't have a ride.
jordan laughed and told everyone about it even though others didn't want to have it known.
Jordan took their friends out to eat after school was over.
Tracy deepened their understanding of politics before they tried running for office.
Carson loves children. Carson decides to become a teacher so that he can help children learn and grow.
Riley told the person that most other people are selfish and rude.
Ash was struggling to make ends meet and his parents helped. Ash acknowledged with thanks the help they received.
Ash laid down next to Jesse when she was at Jesse's room.
Remy left the paint in their hands and they got it all over the wall.
Robin started playing a beautiful song on the guitar for her friends.
The others were searching for the lost book. Austin asked their girlfriend for the book.
Taylor got a 100 on the test in the first exam of the Calculus course.
Kai looked Remy in the eye during the tense negotiations.
Kai had finish their day so they walked back home from school.
Sydney woke up in the middle of the night because they heard a loud noise echo in the house.
Kai used his newly discovered psychic power to bend every one of the spoons.
Casey joined an online dating site. Casey met a nice girl.
Kai went to their friends house and made them go halfway to meet her.
It was a rainy day and the kids were bored so Kendall took the kids to the museum to amuse them.
Jan bought a computer and started a blog yesterday while still in the store.
Jordan was talking with friends and took a joke.
Riley gave Tracy's candy to their friends because Tracy asked them too.
The program was beginning to fail, and received funding from the committee. Skylar was very thankful.
Ash went to a good college and received their education there.
Jordan's father bought him the sports car he always dreamed of. Jordan cherished the moment forever.
Lee needed legal help so they got a policeman to help.
Addison's daughter Sasha hurt herself badly. Addison met Sasha at the emergency room.
Ash gave Remy much love after they did well during their play performance.
Sydney waited until the last minute to do most things.
Lee went to the restaurant and ate a big fish meal.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend to tell them they saw Aubrey somewhere they weren't supposed to be.
Cameron returned home from school after a long semester.
Lee flipped the lid off and looked inside before securing it again.
Addison is a psychologist and a therapist.
Ash was driving his car on the highway and drifted across the lanes.
Skylar afforded Tracy an opportunity to go to the mall that day.
Skylar wanted to become a video game streamer. Skylar played games all day.
Riley imposed her choice on others at the school bake sale.
Sasha drove his mom to the hospital but got into a car accident on the way and was injured.
Austin reduced the impact and severity of the fall but covering their head as they rolled.
casey was watching aubrey so he saw her write an example on a math problem.
Addison jumped into the river water at the last moment before she surrounded by danger.
Because of past events involving women, when skylar saw a beautiful woman, he became very quiet.
Cameron walked to the store and got some items that they needed.
sydney said she loved everyone equally but she loved her sister more.
Jesse was locked out of his car, so Lee brought him a spare key.
Skylar felt confident today at work because she was well rested.
Taylor made Quinn very angry by constantly flicking their ears everyday in class.
Austin put management in their place by giving them commands on what to do.
Jordan did extra chores in the hopes of getting more allowance.
Tracy became more comfortable every time they hung out together.
Remy live life to the fullest they could and tried to enjoy each day.
Christian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
remy was looking to adopt children and she wanted a certain group of kids.
taylor stirred up men's desire by dressing provocatively when going out.
Austin studied for weeks and passed the big test next Friday.
lee was in love with bailey so he decided to make her name into a song.
Cameron usually knew this place well but after her accident she was confused on where she was.
Addison took Tracy's temperature and it was well over one hundred degrees.
Ash ran as fast as the others and eventually overtook them to win.
Riley had a terrible stomachache, so Sydney gave Riley some medicine that help him feel better.
Jordan used Taylor's tools to help fix the broken computer system at work.
Austin went to the store and bought a new shirt for a dance.
Quin gave Bailey the best of everything, though Quinn never bothered to do anything in return.
Tracy returned to Quinn's village to live together happily ever after. People in the village celebrated with a big feast.
Alex read Robin books and got a lot of inspiration from the novels.
Lee delivered pizza to Austin's house and Austin paid for the food.
according to the article Jan gave Bailey some space.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey come over after she found out Casey had hung out with her enemy.
Taylor wanted to go to a concert, so they got some friends together and bought tickets.
Robin was doing well in the office and turned their work in early. Skylar called Robin into the office.
Austin showed Bailey kindness when no one else would do it.
Kai had more money than they could ever spend and gave their fortune away.
After reviewing Remy's new policy, Sydney decided to make some changes.
Kai bent every rule and they could get away with it.
Quinn came to their performance unprepared and was booed off the stage.
Alex gave Austin's daughter chickenpox when she had come to visit.
Robin provided shelter for Kendall's children from the storm that threatened the lives of the village.
Skylar learned so much from the books she purchased.
Taylor potty trained their toddler once they reached a certain age.
Sydney stared hard at the lines that creased across the hands and concentrated on them.
Taylor got a good grade on the test after studying really hard and not getting much sleep.
Ash love the movie of The Little mermaid number two.
Aubrey sent Ash a text message about going to the movies later that night.
Austin had never done any repairs to a bike before, but with a little effort, Austin rid Jesse´s bike of its wobble.
Sydney also gave Ash grief, after giving their children a bunch of grief as well.
Carson had studied all week but still failed the test in History class.
Cameron was sitting in the cold rain. Skylar sees Cameron shaking and takes them to an upscale shelter securing Cameron a place.
Cameron got some money from their friend and spent it on some trinkets.
Remy pleaded Bailey's case before the judge hoping they would see it their way.
Although Casey came out and got what she needed, others were upset at her body and her band.
Jan gave Bailey space to complete her art project for grad school.
Sydney asked Riley for Casey's number after their friend was in an accident.
Alex made his statement after the big game that he wound up winning.
Jesse chose a soft shod for the horse this time.
Riley grabbed his keys and left the restaurant with his food.
Sydney was a witch and was able to turn back time.
Kendall fought a lot and she did it in public.
Sasha was playing on the monkey bars and broke her leg after falling down.
Robin took the money to the counter with the cashier.
sydney was a delivery woman so she delivered the next day package.
Alex played video games together with their friend, but often got mad and threw the controller.
Casey support her new friends baking business and bought two pies.
Kai put the folders in order and told his friend to guard them from others.
Addison furthered the plans for the maintenance of the ship and got everyone to buy-in.
Austin placed the book back on the shelf where it belonged.
Aubrey came to work to pick Quinn up, but Quinn still had two hours left on their shift.
Austin had three children and was happy to see them all of to college.
jan saw the mountain was much higher than she thought so she wanted to give up.
After finding a way to the store, Cameron bought a lot of food and felt like a champion.
Jesse made Alex's impression memorable with the way that Jesse had set the party up.
Carson exceeded the limit allowed in weight of his suitcase.
Jan took a lunch break after working between 8 am to 12 pm at school.
Sasha built a sand castle that got swept away by the coming tide.
Sasha was in charge of taking the team through the trail. Sasha couldn't read the map and led the team astray.
Casey gets home from work and cooks some food.
Ash sent their son to the store alone for the first time to pick up some groceries.
Cameron ate Italian food that was made with expired ingredients.
Jesse quit cold turkey and had to go through a lot to pass this ordeal.
Kendall taught a portrait class. Kendall drew Cameron as an example for the class.
Cameron and their friends were playing baseball. Cameron got a hit in the game.
After a fight with her little brother, Jesse hit him in the face.
Wanting to make sure that it was very secure, Aubrey got Bailey's tree in the ground.
Taylor pursued the dream of becoming an astronaut. He successfully completed the five year long training program which include flight simulators.
Robin told Bailey that she could bring her friends over for a game of poker.
Robin was a tough professor and gave everyone in the class an F.
Sydney got all Kendall's friends together for one last party before everyone moves away to college.
Some of the kids were bullying Kai every day in the playground.
Kendall would not answer the phone when she saw it was Tracy calling.
Ash tried the yams that Sarah made, but Ash liked the potatoes he made better.
Sydney's students were being belligerent. Sydney gave the students detention.
Riley took a stroll to clear his mind and attain calmness.
Robin did not make it to class until noon because of a doctor's appointment.
Sydney worked at the local paper and provided advice to people.
Carson was out running errands when he ran into Quinn's son.
Cameron was angry at Sydney's brother and as such told him to go shove it.
Alex took the dog to the veterinarian and learned that Shadow would be ok.
Cameron spoke to Bailey well.  They had the same type of personality.
Robin gave advice among men to guide them through the darkness.
Taylor carried the child home after it fell asleep on his couch.
Kai kept Kendall's hands off of the soda so that Kai could have more.
Jan wanted to express her feelings about the situation, so she put her thoughts into words.
Alex stripped off Taylor's clothes after getting her alone in the room.
Despite feeling like it was a waste of time, Aubrey ended up loving her boyfriend's play very much.
Lee spent at most an hour with Remy. Remy was hard to deal with.
Kendall saw Robin begin to tilt too far close to the cliff edge and grabbed Robin's hips.
Jan played volleyball with friends when they were at school with others.
Jan knew a co-worker well. They worked together for many years.
Aubrey enjoyed the orchestra's concert. They listened to their friend who played in the orchestra.
Robin served food at the party to everyone.
Addison gave their support for Sasha's position. They needed all the help they could get.
Wanting to be intimate with Taylor that night, Cameron thrust upon Taylor.
Taylor had stills that hurt their friend because they were taken in secret.
Kai caught Remy in the act of stealing her cookies from the kitchen.
Robin took anything she wanted and disregarded everyone else since they had not saved any for her the last time.
Alex gave Lee's son love during his christening late on Sunday afternoon.
Casey would stop in the middle of the road for no reason.
Robin ran the counter so the other workers would be free to run the kitchen.
Cameron played video games with his new friends from his new school.
Jesse held court for a term and made fair decisions for everyone.
Bailey looked all over the house for the key to the back shed and finally found it.
Kai climbed to the top of the mountain. It took a long time and a lot of effort.
Alex issued a late fee for the amount he had requested in the invoice.
Ash came home from the gym and took a nap on the couch. Before dinnertime, Ash regained their strength.
Sydney gave Ash a black eye and beat him up.
Ash went home the champion after winning the race in the competition.
Sydney took two hours doing their chores and wanted a break.
Casey had always wanted to meet Sasha. Casey met Sash after the show.
Tracy studied engineering hard in college and became an astronaut.
Austin sent his friend Kendall into a dangerous situation.
Lee got caught up in working over time and couldn't go to the baseball game, so Kai bought Lee's tickets from him.
Calming down after their argument, Skylar gave Carson a peace sign as an apology.
Kendall wore shoes outside and they got ruined in the snow.
Carson threw a bone to their friend's dog that has been suffering serious hunger for days.
Kendall fell off her bike and Aubrey had seen tears in Kendall's eyes.
A client hired Austin for investment help. Austin advised the client on all matters.
Jesse called the cable guy about problems with his television.
Addison wanted to go to Ash to get the whole story about the bank robbery.
Sasha regained their health after months in the hospital and months in rehabilitation.
Feeling severely under the weather and anxious, Quinn cancelled their date.
Kendall was mad at Skylar so she sold her purse at the yard sale for 50 cents. She apologized after.
taylor was the boss in the relationship so she told alex they were going out of town.
sasha wanted to amuse herself so she placed the cat on the throne.
Jesse wrote the name on the board so the students would know whose turn it was.
Aubrey sent their kids to school so they could stay home and get drunk.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress after Quinn got a degree from a four-year college.
Casey read her book to the kids in the hospital.
Addison asked them what the problem was because it seem there is a problem.
Bailey pushed Tracy's hand away after they got angry.
Addison put the dishes on the counter after the dishwasher was finished.
Skylar told her friends that she was tired of dating the same guys.
Tracy gave Jan permission to use her scarf when they went outside in the cold.
ash was in a rush so she left bailey's gift behind.
Tracy issued Riley the court's order and told her to follow the rules.
Robin brought the convict to trial. Robin was determined to put them in jail.
taylor wanted to get his daughter better so he gave her medicine.
Robin took Addison's cat to the vet because he began to make weird noises.
Robin found out that she really liked him. Robin was surprised and started to get excited.
Addison knew one's weaknesses by studying their opponent's movements.
Cameron went on all the rides in the park, and had a wonderful time all day.
Skylar slapped Quinn in the face after Quinn said some bad things about their mother.
Jordan got their papers together to serve it to the defendant.
Cameron rolled the words off their tongue and realized they had hurt their friend's feelings.
Alex left Alexandria after she committed adultery on him and never looked back.
Robin approached their crush only to find out he was already married to someone else.
She had almost finished straightening the kitchen, Jan wiped the crumbs away.
Ash let their friend off with a warning. It was clear it could not happen again.
Addison quickly called the ambulance when the child stopped breathing in the neighborhood pool.
Robin made Cameron's ass hurt by pinching it repeatedly even though Cameron asked to stop.
Kendall wanted to impress Riley's family, so he cooked them lunch.
Addison finished her studies and decided to watch a movie.
Kendall went to the store on the weekend They bought a new mattress.
Carson was grinding into Quinn's hips in time with the music.
Riley enjoyed playing with her friend, they played board games and checkers.
Kai went to the store and bought nail polish. Kai then painted their toenails.
Kai bought a shirt to replace the one they borrowed and ruined by accident.
Aubrey wants to share the apple with their friend.  Therefore, they cut the apple in two.
Kai learnt a lesson about the importance of teaching others about and understanding nature from their teacher, Jaipan.
Remy couldn't get the tv remote to work so Remy replaced the battery.
Kendall hired Skylar to work for them as their personal assistant and was very pleasd with their work as Skylar complied with Kendall's request for anything that Kendall needed.
Remy sent Tracy's essay to the contest because they thought it was good.
Tracy wanted to lose some weight and put on more muscle.
Ash had lots on his agenda including a very important meeting he made a mental note of.
Robin is in College and they started school today.
Tracy deepened their understanding of math for a test.
Jesse wrote it on the wall.
Jan likes to stay informed, so Jan watched the news today.
Taylor's dog looked hungry so they gave the dog a treat.
Tracy kept playing the lottery each week. Tracy was going to win a lot of money she decided.
Austin carried Casey along the way to the doctor after she sprained her ankle.
Bailey took their mother to the doctor's office after their mother fell down the stairs.
Riley began eating their meal after they fixed their lunch.
Alex motivated Addison to do well on her math test and he quizzed her.
Remy put Jan's toy away as a way of punishing Jan for coming home with a bad report card.
The concert had ended so Austin and Bailey were riding the bus back to the neighborhood. Austin's stop was only a few blocks away. So, Austin kissed Bailey quickly.
Riley wanted to be able to buy a new game so he tried to get a job.
Ash extended an invite to Kai to go eat dinner with them.
Robin was thirsty after a hike through the woods. Sydney gave Robin some water.
Jesse broke the back of the worker. Jesse didn't worry about how hard he worked employees.
Skylar always watched the show with his mom and grandmother.
Bailey told her friend that she was going to try her best.
Skylar had studied for her test all weekend and did her utmost greatest when it was time to take it.
Lee realized they forgot to make dinner and quickly began to cook before their partner got home.
Kendall saw a bully picking on his brother and tried to help. He got beat up.
Austin filed for divorce. They couldn't handle the cheating.
tracy was grounded by her parents so she could not let casey come over.
robin had a crush on jordan so she expressed interest in him.
Riley ate too many sweets and had to go to the bathroom and puke.
Kendall was asked to leave when her parents found out she was using drugs.
jesse was good friends with aubrey so he loved aubrey's family.
Sasha was driving on the highway because she was trying to get to class on time today.
Cameron was aware he would get in trouble for stealing the cookies and he knew this fact well.
according to the article Tracy asked Austin's family over for dinner.
Lee brought forth the wallet and returned the money along with it.
Taylor received a text message from their crush asking them to go out to dinner. After Taylor got a shower, they got ready for their date.
Skylar rejected every advance that classmates made toward them in their attempts at courtship.
Carson and Kai really like each other. Carson wanted to take Kai on a date.
aubrey got their girlfriend from school in front of everyone so they could be jealous of the new car.
Kai wanted to save money so he wen to the car dealership and haggled and bought a used car.
After working together for three months on a project at work, Sasha finally became Casey's friend.
I couldn't believe the performance Cameron gave and the reception she got.
kai was a cool guy so he got the kid's ball back.
Casey gave Sydney every opportunity to apologize before ending their friendship.
Tracy supported Taylor's views about the war in Iraq.
Aubrey helped Taylor keep things together at work.
Robin was the leader at a small church, and Robin judged the congregation in righteousness.
Sasha dug in the dirt and then went home and cleaned herself off.
Alex never washed his clothes. He hated doing laundry more than anything else.
ash had to get on the plane in time so she left bailey's suitcase behind.
Alex taught law at this university and got a lot of compliments about his teaching style.
Jan chose to study a subject in school that they liked rather than follow their parents wishes.
Austin had Taylor at a disadvantage, so you could say Austin had Taylor by the short hairs.
Cameron painted Carson's portrait for them to hang in their home.
Jesse climbed the mountain and looked out at the terrain in front of him.
Kendall was in an accident, so Jan took her to the doctor.
Lee turned to face Kendall and asked if Kendall had a pencil they could borrow.
Sasha went shopping with their father for some new clothes for school one day.
Sydney gave Ash a compliment after Ash gave an impressive musical performance.
Carson was tired of their boss stealing their work, so Carson gave Addison a piece of their mind.
Jesse put his hand in the cookie jar and began eating until they noticed Ash was giving them the eye.
Addison is very in touch with their emotions and feelings.
Skylar read the paper when they were feature in an article.
Bailey killed the ant that bit him on the leg and hit it with a stone.
Remy went bike riding so that they could stay fit and healthy.
Austin cut ribbons in Quinn's hand at the grand opening of the store.
Sydney was travelling far from home, but did not want to Jordan to think they had been forgotten, so Sydney sent Jordan a gift.
Taylor got paid in cash for doing a job and put the money in her safe.
riley was pregnant for 10 months so she was due to arrive tomorrow.
Sasha had spent alot of money on the phone. Sasha loved the phone.
Tracy let their dog out into the backyard but to their horror realized that the gate was wide open, and the dog got away.
Kendall increased their income by working another job after they left work.
Even though he knew the play was very important to his wife, for Austin it was extremely boring and he did not want to go there.
Lee taught Aubrey to play the piano one afternoon so they could both learn.
Aubrey finally helped reached Remy's goal of raising money for the local charity.
Kendall just got home from the hospital. Bailey brought her everything she needed.
After eating the messy ribs at the formal wedding, Ash used one's napkin to wipe his face.
Jordan eventually ask for help because he spent hours trying to solve it on his own.
Remy invited all of Alex's friends to the surprise party he was throwing for him.
Quinn was accompanied by Sydney's wife at the big season dance.
Sydney asked if she could come along on the boat ride.
Casey held the project back because of delays in construction.
jan hated being bored so she played video games all day.
Lee felt cramped on Jan's line before the big race up ahead.
Aubrey worked very hard on her paper and her mom tried to help her too.
Kai played a big part in Skylar's life but Skylar started to leave her out.
Remy and Aubrey were competing against each other in a high school wrestling match.
Jordan hear the wind at the door and went to get a sweater to combat the cold.
Carson was always willing and able to help his neighbors with anything they might need.
Tracy caught any fish they could while fishing because she was desperate.
A pizza was delivered to the house. Robin got the pizza.
Carson had to keep Skylar's head down in the water so that they would not be seen by the police that were chasing them.
Alex had been on a trip and waited hours to get home.
Jan threw Aubrey back because he didn't want to go to the prom with her.
riley needed to solve his investigation so he paid money to gather more information.
Sydney accepted Aubrey's resignation even though Aubrey was one of the best workers.
Remy searched all over the house for her precious toy, but couldn't find it.
Kendall was upset his brother was always winning. Kendall challenged their brother to a contest once and for all.
Alex sold a car to a friend for only a dollar.
Seeing that the attorney was new, Taylor granted extra time on the cases.
Skylar was feeling ill and lost their wrestling tournament match as a result.
Skylar changed Addison's style of the place after buying the restaurant.
Sasha declared war on Russia in the tabletop game.
Remy spent all of his free time teaching art to young children.
When building a new gazebo for a client, Taylor exceeded the allowed distance between pillars in diameter.
Riley satisfied Jordan's needs but ultimately got rejected by Jordan in a callous way.
Sasha was the first one of the many competitors to finish the race.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble for not doing her job.
Austin was have fun and did not want to leave the party.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas so she can gamble.
Austin bit Skylar's lower lip when they were kissing.
Sasha felt good that she was helping tutor Carson.  On his last test, he was able to remember everything he studied.
Robin bought a lottery ticket and was able to manage her expectations effectively regarding her chances of winning.
Jordan started his own small business this year.
Ash used one's intuition to figure out how to set up the new tv stand.
Bailey fell in love with Aubrey right from the start when he first saw her.
sydney separated the hair from the body when they were shaving at the salon.
Carson protected Kendall's privacy when investigators were seeking sensitive personal information.
Kendall was assigned to bring a dessert. Kendall brought a cake.
Robin worked hard for months to complete the project which made up a large part of her grade.
Quinn made the anniversary with Alex extra special because it had been 5 years.
Tracy read about politics online and participated in heated debate with their peers.
Quinn bought a new vase from the store and put it in their living room.
Carson derived their guardianship powers for the baby from the adoption consent paper.
Jesse got an invite from Quinn to visit his grandmother's house.
Sasha discussed the book in detail to the class and got a thunderous applause.
Kai got a pet that he really wanted and hoped it would live a long time.
Addison secured another deal and was rewarded with a large commission for the sale.
Austin went on a trip to see their friends. After they saw their first friend, they saw another friend.
Kai let the dogs out into the yard to do their business while he made a fresh pot of coffee.
Taylor told John that he wanted to go to a ball game with him.
Jan refused to drink anything but soda and Jan Addison knew this was unhealthy, so she made Jan drink water.
Robin wanted to propose to their girlfriend with everyone watching them too.
Lee walked home together with them and they had such a good time.
James and Taylor went on a few dates and then Taylor suddenly stopped talking to James.
Theodore was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall was riding too fast down the hill and Kendall lost control of their bike.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress by telling him the horror stories from her experience working as a waitress.
To get an overview of the state of the current project and give updates, Quinn attended their business meeting.
Ash had a broken foot and couldnt do certain tasks at work. Aubrey performed Ash's duty for her.
Alex got lost on the way home and had to use his phone to find his way back.
Ash went everywhere but eventually they were ready to settle down and start a family.
Austin is a judge and decides the future of prisoners.
Bailey and Addison were doing a science Q&A for college students together.  They were supposed to split the time, but Bailey used up her time and Addison's time.
Tracy went to work with a friend on selling computers door to door.
Casey suffered a set back then turned it into something great to make himself feel better.
Kai is a professional photographer who is interested in unique animals. Kai gets the chance to examine a new animal up close.
Sydney never saw Taylor even though Taylor was supposed to be their friend and lived across the street from them.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt to leave because she didn't want her to go away for a longtime.
Robin gave Casey a present for no reason that was very expensive.
Jan spent the afternoon relaxing before her big shift.
Cameron was going to a game, but didn't have a ride so they rode with their friends.
Kai pushed a child on the ground for no reasons last week.
Kendall had a fun night of drinking downtown with a fun group of friends.
After hours of attempting the same math problem over and over, Skylar finally got it.
Kai caught Remy in the act after walking in on them.
Alex was simply another victim.
Sydney decided to bring Kendall's hand made dolls along for the ride.
Austin had Taylor by the short hairs, and Austin had Taylor by the neck, ready to squeeze tighter.
Jordan put the information together and made a really good report for school.
Jesse put the turkey away. She had already ate too much of it.
Skylar loved school. Today school was cancelled because of a snow storm.
Riley had anger issues, and one time lost control completely in front of the others.
Aubrey knew Kendall didn't like crowds but wanted to go to a concert with her. She tried listening to the band with Kendall and convinced Kendall to go.
Jan watched the news at 10 p.m. to find out what happened during the game.
Remy liked to play video games to pass the time. Remy spent hours playing video games.
Alex head what would be said at the ceremony the next day and became even more nervous.
Carson invited Tracy to lunch to discuss a job offer.
Lee gave Cameron a good time on their date to the movies.
Skylar impeded Quinn's progress so that Quinn could not get to an important meeting on time.
Quinn was making breakfast before school and made eggs with toast.
Addison added it to their collection when they saw it in the store.
Jordan continued to walk to work even after they got a car, because they didn't want to use the gas.
Casey kept their things in order and managed their household well.
Austin got a great grade in chemistry class after studying every day for the tests.
Aubrey wanted to make sure that all the plants survived the drought.
Ash went to work and had a great day there working very hard.
Cameron wanted a bike for Christmas and begged their parents to get them one.
Robin asked Remy for Alex's phone number so she could ask him out on a date.
Jan and Ash established a good friendship but Jan decided she wanted more.
quinn was a chess master so she always beat her friends at chess.
Kai made a wish and truly believed that it would come true.
Kendall placed her hands on the book and made an oath to Aubrey.
Jordan decided to sit on all the chairs he was looking at in the furniture store.
Jordan called Taylor's grandparents and they invited them to come visit them for the weekend.
addison had a big problem so he went to ash for advice.
Robin took Quinn's hand and they both jogged to the big park that day.
Ash added fuel to the fire by bringing up an inconvenient fact about her assault.
Austin called Sydney tonight about the plans of going to the big movie.
Riley took their friends out to dinner and paid.
Quinn brought Austin's lunch to him after he forgot it.
Kai wrote a letter to their family while Kai was on deployment.
Tracy urged Robin to join the politicial campaign and to volunteer to help.
Quinn made an entry in their journal, and finally got it off their chest.
Quinn had a baby boy three days ago and named the baby Alex.
Ash prevented pregnancy in women by giving them birth control one day.
Robin used Tracy's device to massage their shoulders.
Casey was Ash's mom and wanted them to have something to drive. Casey got Ash's car fixed.
Jan went to Skylar's room and found daughter Skylar was reading books on topics daunting to Jan.
Cameron asked Jan's roommate if Jan would mind them using some space in the fridge.
Jan received their brother's baby from their hand so that she could hold the baby for a while.
Jan had enough money so she treated everyone to dinner that night.
Casey finally sold Quinn's car to a nice young family after months of trying to find a buyer.
Jan made the decision to leave and then took their car home.
Sasha crashed into you and Austin on her bike. Sasha owed you both an apology.
Sasha loved stories and reading and always dreamed that one day they would write a book that would become a best selling story.
Bailey washed Riley's face. It was very dirty and smelly.
Kendall got very sick after eating sushi. She was throwing up everywhere.
Carson helped Kendall plant a tree in his yard.
Alex stuck out their tongue in Riley's face when Riley held up two pieces of incriminating evidence.
Jesse sought Sasha's explanation because there didn't seem to be any clues available.
As the roller coaster slowly approached the top of the hill, Tracy told Jan to take hold.
Sasha persuaded people in the class to join to cheer her friend's basketball team at the match.
Carson was hired by Riley to build the website for her new iPhone app.
Taylor called Lee's mom to talk about what Lee did.
Sasha and Kai skipped school yesterday, and Kai got caught by her mother. Because misery loves company, Kai told Sasha's parents what happened.
Robin gave her son a haircut so they didn't have to pay a barber.
Jesse made new friend after a semester of trying to socialize with people.
Skylar decided to be outspoken and gave their opinion freely.
Casey struggled to get the grill lit. Casey raked over the coals.
Addison asked for some water. Remy gave Addison a glass to drink from.
Jan went and played her hardest at the soccer tournament.
Ash increased their profits by offering more home baked goods for sale.
Kai gave Austin back their coat  with wholes on it after two weeks of having it.
Kendall decided to take the kids to the museum because she liked dinosaurs and she wanted cotton candy.
Jordan found Jan's slicked back hair to be more attractive than usual.
jesse thought the books were boring so he took the books back to the store.
Bailey began to use the computer program Cameron wrote.
Riley gave Tom some money when Riley won the lottery.
Kai and Austin had dated all through high school but were breaking up when they went to college.
Jesse sang a lot at the concert and he ended up losing his voice.
Jan struck nearly everyone with her car, so now the police are going to her house to arrest her.
Jan stood face to face. She was nervous but she got through it unscathed.
Austin developed Carson's awareness by explaining the situation to her.
Kai was going mountain climbing that morning. Kai climbed all the way to the top of the mountain.
Jan was having a chaotic day and was feeling stressed so Jan found time alone to recentre.
Sasha was late and only worked for an hour before she quit.
Jan was designing the course for the driver's test. Jan placed an obstacle in the way of the car.
Casey saved a kid from being hit by a car but was hit herself. Casey died shortly after.
Kai was a great baseball player for his high school team.
Kai gave aid to Quinn's grandmother when she fell on the steps.
Sasha could not pay for Taylor so Sasha required Taylor to pay her amount.
Robin was getting married to a very nice man that was in the military.
Lee caught it with his hands when other failed at the task.
Aubrey got with the program and did what had to be done.
Remy loved Tracy so much and did not know Tracy planned to give her a gift.
Many people think the number 13 is a bad omen, but Cameron thought nothing of it.
Jordan found Jan's leather diary and returned it without snooping.
A little girl ran up to Addison and handed them a small flower, so Addison smiled at her.
Tracy wanted to surprise Alex so she snuck up behind him and then jumped to his feet.
Bailey got it right the next time after she practiced for a whole afternoon.
Remy closed her shop because she was not getting anymore business.
Jan applied them self to their homework and got it done.
Jan has been saving up money to purchase a new vehicle. Jan has finally saved enough money.
Aubrey needed a shorter coat so they cut it according to their cloth.
Sasha decided to ride their bike every day to save the planet and get exercise.
Quinn is in the military and was assigned to lead an assignment.
Remy wanted to have a nice garden, so they decided to grow flowers.
Cameron found a way out of doing their chores.
Taylor was going to run a race and began training right away for it.
Addison saw Lee across the parking lot. Addison came quickly towards Lee to talk.
Bailey took Robin's revenge after Robin was wounded by an assassin.
cameron was tracy's boss so he provided tracy's income.
Kendall asked Cameron to marry at the restaurant with the band playing their song. But the music was so loud he couldn't hear if Cameron accepted. Finally Kendall obtained Cameron's answer.
Addison gave Riley security that they would have dinner on time.
Tracy found a great one for their friend to give as a gift.
Skylar was going to style Cameron's hair for prom. Skylar washed Cameron's hair.
Lee was missing Sydney ever since they moved away. Lee gave Sydney a call one day.
Aubrey prepared Skylar's dead body and placed it in the casket before the funeral.
sydney wanted to get exercise so she played basketball with their friends after school.
Jordan quickly took a shot in order to beat the expiring clock.
Tracy returned to Quinn's village when they found out Quinn's family had been killed.
Tracy saw some food under the bed and threw it away that night.
Riley visited the Zoo for the first time and really wanted to see the lions.
Jan could tell Robin was interested in being more than friends, but Jan already had a boyfriend so Jan let Robin down easy.
Casey provided the parents with some kind of information.
Kai tried to cheer up his friend who just broke up with his girlfriend but he did not laugh. So Kai said another joke.
Bailey checked Ash's phone and discovered He was cheating on her.
Jan decided to learn swimming but kept failing. Jan started another round.
Quinn reached for Taylor's hand when they wanted to help them cross the road.
Cameron was a preschool teacher. During snack time she gave the kids juice with their snack.
Kendall held Robin close and she kissed him back.
Skylar was accused by her boyfriend of cheating on him, but she produced evidence that proved otherwise.
Lee kept in mind all the possible outcomes as he broke into someone's house and robbed them.
Remy spent all of the money at the casino at the tables.
Tracy led the group away from the crowded tourist area and took them to a place loved by the locals.
Taylor was sent to their room as a consequence, but Taylor played for hours in her room.
Quinn protected the kids from the attack but his arm was injured in the process.
Robin brought the witness to trial.
Aubrey has always ground her teeth all day like Bailey.
Remy is always working and never does anything fun or special, but this weekend Remy leaves on relaxed.
Casey and Tracy went to watch football games. Occasionally Casey and Tracy put their hands up in the air.
Jordan tried to sleep but couldn't stop thinking about it.
Austin heard Sydney's voice and then went to look for her.
Addison found Casey's purse and went to her house to return it.
Sydney and her family were having a party that weekend. Sydney helped clean to get ready.
Addison was a bad kid at her school and broke every rule.
Remy found the song she was looking for for 10 years.
Taylor increased Bailey's understanding of the math problems they had at school.
Robin had invited people over to their new home. Robin kept their jackets together in bedroom-turned-coatroom after guests entered Robin's home.
Sasha found Ash's hotel after looking through town for several hours.
Kai offered to help Riley with their kids today. Kai took Riley's kids to school.
Addison made mincemeat out of her first opponent in the wrestling league.
Austin made an announcement for Addison after she asked him to.
Ash was playing ball at school with other kids. Ash knocked the ball far.
Lee met Casey's expectations when she had him work on her new car.
Sasha told Riley's mom that she was very good at cooking meals.
Riley prepared for their reception for weeks ahead of time.
Reevaluate taking Jan's share and reconfirming with her.
Bailey got the cat and brought it inside during the storm when the others pointed it out.
Jesse fell asleep and then woke up and drove to the event they were going to.
Tracy talked for an hour. The other people in the room were getting restless.
Kai did not like the new haircut and was very self conscious of the look.
Aubrey painted herself into a corner by agreeing to do the project alone.
Jesse gave Addison a lecture that was met with eager ears.
Jordan seemed nice to the teacher, but the students knew she was really a bully.
Kai and Riley are friends. Kai took Riley's kids yesterday.
Bailey chased Carson around on the playground at the park this afternoon.
Jordan tried to go to sleep at her house but the dog was barking.
Riley saw their boss at work and the boss told them they had been doing good work.
Cameron turned Jesse's head so he would meet Cameron's eyes.
Quinn made her point very clear to the others.
Lee dropped his comb in the toilet and still used it in his hair even though it was dirty.
Jordan wanted to play a prank on Sydney, so they hid Sydney's phone under a bushel.
Carson lost another round at the game they were playing but was having fun.
Quinn went to college and took some difficult classes and ended up passing them.
Cameron won the award for the article they wrote and sent to the paper.
Bailey shaved Addison's head as a mean prank after Addison fell asleep at the sleepover.
Tracy met their friend at work and had some food with them.
Addison hurt their head playing football with his friends.
Riley took Lee's choice of food off the menu because they had an argument with Lee.
Jan used a video from youtube in order to improve her poor Spanish skills.
Sasha didn't know what to do so she asked Lee's mom to help.
Riley stopped teasing Lee today because they knew Lee wasn't feeling well.
Addison scheduled Casey, her dog, to show at the AKC this weekend.
Alex pushed Quinn's way because he wanted to be by her.
Aubrey found Kendall after she had been missing. She shared the news with Kendall's friend.
Quinn volunteered time to the managers of youth center because they got a lot in return for their patronage over the years.
Alex answered the phone loudly and had a long conversation on speaker phone.
Kai took refuge in Jesse after running away from their home.
Sydney tried to get a reward when she entered the contest, even though she wasn't good at it.
Robin heard a noise beside them in bed and when they turned the light on they saw a huge spider sitting on their pillow so they let loose a scream out of shock.
Addison moved to Hawaii after she was offered a new job.
Sydney still loved Kai even after he married her best friend.
Robin asked Skylar to join on a date and then skylar said no.
Aubrey caught a fish and posted a picture of it on social media.
After jogging for over an hour to train for the upcoming marathon, Riley walked towards the house.
Kendall turned their thoughts to other things after they had a nightmare.
There was a lockdown at the school after someone strange walked in. Kendall prevented the children from leaving.
Jan was Casey's teacher and was giving out a test. Jan made Casey start.
Austin took Addison's hours because Addison was feeling a bit sick that day.
Jesse wanted the family to meet about a will.
Austin was a very aloof and scatter brained person who always made mistakes and didn't care.
After starting school with her friend, Robin decided to make other friends and not do her homework.
Jordan will spend the day at the beach sunbathing and swimming.
Bailey used trickery to control his classmates  think he can solve the mat problem.
Casey waits until the last minute to get things done. When there is a project due Casey doesn't work on it until the last minute.
Austin watched a movie with me after making time to hang out and socialize.
Kendall hid their face in their hands because she was so angry.
Remy made a huge difference by volunteering to serve lunch at the homeless shelter.
Sasha sent a nice message to Alex and was told never to text her again.
carson had to go home so he he said bye.
Tracy was putting up their Christmas lights on the house, so Tracy climbed the ladder.
Alex sold candy to a friend.  They collect money for their charity.
A group of men were cat-calling women, but Jesse forgave the men for their unkind words.
Austin wanted their parents to take them to Disney.
Ash got into a fight with his neighbor and pulled the trigger.
Lee picked up transcripts from school before winter break to apply for colleges and will hopefully get an athletic scholarship in track.
Austin could not get the machine to work, so Austin abandoned the plan altogether.
Casey wanted to take a trip to London that summer. Casey went online and booked their trip.
It cost Skylar a lot to go to school but they needed their degree.
Lee restored the health of Remy because she was very sick.
Riley went rock climbing without safety equipment, fell and suffered greatly as a result.
Skylar turned the light off that was on her side table.
Bailey didn't really care.
Jan locks horns with her father every day at breakfast.
Riley built impressive sand castles competitively every summer at camp.
Jesse called all their friends over for a meeting, to talk about the upcoming game.
Jordan planted a seed in the seed planting kit box.
Jan got ice cream and sat in the park in the sunshine happily eating the delicious ice-cream.
Taylor went to the gym near her job every day for the past 6 months.
Ash played tricks on their parents. They were a mean spirited individual.
After saving money over a year, Quinn finally bought a new laptop.
Jan lived happily ever after after put the villain in prison for eternity.
Sasha told funny stories all night, and made everyone laugh so hard their stomachs' hurt.
Quinn helped Addison keep himself together in the hardest times in their life.
Lee searched Jan's pantry when they were looking for something to eat.
Since the dog kept biting everyone it encountered, Alex kept their dog away from Sasha.
Aubrey finished Lee's paper and turned it in to receive a good grade.
Robin was very neat as a person and kept their stuff together.
Alex made effort in Tracy's image that they strived to uphold.
sasha was a kind person so she took skylar shopping.
Kai turned their lights away from the house because they didn't want to wake anyone inside.
Kendall was trying to decorate their house for the holidays to make it look nice.
Riley poured fuel on the fire before getting the meat out to cook.
Jesse called his kids but they were nowhere to be found.
Casey liked to cook and eat spicy food, so Casey made their own sauce with peppers.
Cameron conducted an experiment to determine how smart mice are at going through a maze.
Austin put his best foot forward at the interview today.
Wanting to be closer to his friends house, Jordan found an apartment close by.
Robin entered the exclusive dance party with Taylor's permission to enter.
After Casey asked them to help, Carson helped Casey conduct their experiment.
Riley kept running to their neighbor's house.  Therefore, their parent Sydney, led Riley back home.
When Remy saw Aubrey's badly wounded leg, he gained respect for them as they seemed unaffected by the enormous pain.
Jordan told Robin much more about the affair going on between Robin's wife and their secretary.
Austin was having a party so she text all their friends then invited their boyfriend too.
Taylor beat her goal in the race.
Austin and Taylor had been neighbors for five years. Taylor drove Austin's car to work.
Sydney noticed the others in class were heading out for lunch Sydney asked if she could come too and they agreed.
Tracy learned to play a violin when she was in her music class.
Alex wiped Remy's eye with a tissue after seeing a hair in it.
Addison even hired her enemy because the enemy was that good at the job.
After looking it over on the black board, Lee solved Taylor's equation.
Kendall bought the tickets after researching the prices at different places.
Aubrey found the car in the parking lot after report it stolen.
Skylar got an A on her test and was given a reward.
Sydney set their alarm and went to bed and stayed in their until morning.
Jan gave Bailey some space after they got angry with them.
Kai watched the tv with all of her friends in the living room.
Ash sent their son to the store to get stuff for dinner.
Taylor wanted to write in Jesse's format so she studied it very hard.
jesse was lonely so he made new friends.
Remy took a licking in the third round but kept on ticking into the ninth against all expectations.
Carson joined another group and took his old groups secrets with him out of spite.
Alex looked at the direction of his compass but went the other way north.
Carson bought meat at the supermarket and took it home before it spoiled.
Riley found a priceless antique at an estate sale last weekend. Riley sold it on ebay.
After working all day to make the house look presentable to her in-laws, Sydney finally sat down.
After me and Quinn started dating, we became inseparable fairly quickly.
Robin was disrespectful and insulted Cameron to their face.
Casey cleaned his home and then sat down to take a rest.
Carson did the honors to speak at the wedding.  They were the groom's best man.
Kai asked the coach for help with weight lifting.
Tracy kept Bailey company by getting some beer and a good movie.
Cameron has just told her family that she is suffering from depression.
Jesse played freeze tag on the playground with his friends from school.
sasha was in charge of taking care of the babies so she made sure their eyes were wide open.
Because the family loved playing practical jokes on each other, Kai played a prank on his older siblings.
Jordan was trying to make it up to me and took me out to eat.
Sasha liked the dinner very much and complimented their friend for cooking so well.
When she got hungry and cranky, Sydney ate a snack.
Aubrey was made at Skylar for his hair and his car, so she declared war on him.
Sydney gave Skylar support after Skylar described a bad domestic violence situation.
Sydney needed a new car after she got into a bad accident and totalled her old one.
Austin called a friend to consider their options about what college they should go to.
Tracy found Kendall's place and walked up to the door afterwards.
Casey was clueless with computers so Kendall made Casey's application to be helpful.
Robin took them around the neighborhood and they got to visit the many shops that day.
Tracy suspects Casey of stealing something and wants the police to investigate.
Austin traced back the footprints of the thief to their own daughter.
Remy told their friend to meet them at the mall after school.
After Kai had complained of sore feet, Sydney took off Kai's shoes.
Robin gave advice among men for those who had suffered terrible trauma.
Casey decided they would rather watch TV, so Casey avoided his chores until later.
Tracy and Bailey worked together in a Chinese restaurant in Boston, Massachusetts.
sydney was a master computer technician so she set up computer systems.
ash went to the beach with her friends so she put aloe on their sunburn.
Remy and Tracy have been dating for 6 months and Remy realized that she loved Tracy very much.
Remy deliberately grew tomatoes in their garden throughout spring and summer.
Kendall drove fast after noticing that the police were close behind.
Sydney introduced a document to her coworkers for many further amendments after she read it.
Kai made her design while in bed and did a very poor job because of it.
Taylor drove home from work one day after a very long day at work.
Alex raised a lot of money for a local charity that was close to their heart.
Skylar protected every person with a giant sword and shield from the invading army.
Kendall learnt the language in a record amount of time.
Kai bent every spoon while he was trying to get a frozen meal out of the container.
Ash tossed their fears aside because they wanted to act bravely.
Austin threw light on this question and got a lot of compliments for this explanation.
being a powerful mental psychic, Riley read Casey's thoughts.
Sasha left and bought a dress from another place instead for the party.
bailey loved skylar so skylar loved bailey in return for once.
Remy was Tracy's best friend and spent a lot of time with her.
Aubrey recently received a promotion at her new job. However, there was another candidate that was hired that has the same attributes as Aubrey.
Riley depended upon the nature to make her makeup that she wore.
Carson took Ash to see the Pet Semetary movie and went out for drinks with them afterwards.
robin knew what aubrey went through so she showed him respect.
Addison knew Quinn had contributed to the project and got him in on Kai's trademark application.
Jan wanted to get as many hours as possible before going on vacation.
Casey has broken up with austin for cheating on her.
Tracy let things go because they wouldn't agree on anything.
Austin influenced the crowd's attitude toward the ReadyReturn initiative.
Tracy sorted the data into tables and analyzed it to draw a conclusion.
Robin was in a foul mood and cast a shadow over everyone.
Quinn wasn't paying attention and this allowed for Kai's head to fall.
Ash found love after all these years of searching for it.
Sydney did not feel well and they called their office to inform their boss that they were not coming in.
Taylor got this show on the road and drove towards the show to look at the carnival.
Austin made an announcement to Addison that they were baking cookies.
Ash smacked Bailey's lips because Bailey was telling mean lies about Ash.
Sasha got near Robin so they could put an arm around their waist.
Remy asked Taylor the reason why this happened when the holiday parade was cancelled.
Taylor resumed their journey after their long rest because they didn't have a lot of time left to get there.
addison told austin that he would beat him up and so austin started back at addison.
Jordan failed Kendall's test because Jordan did not study or try hard enough.
Remy got really excited about the concert that night.
Kai left their room and went to make breakfast for the others.
The road was in bad condition, so Addison checked Skylar's car for a flat tire.
Casey told a lie about Tracy to her boss.
Tracy snuck out to a party and forced their house work upon Ash.
Lee always ate with Alex for breakfast before school everyday.
Taylor's TV is small and went to a friend's house and admired their TV.
Austin and Alex got into an argument so Austin punched Alex in the face.
Aubrey painted their house when they wanted to make it look nice.
Bailey had a new neighbor, and after meeting them asked them to stop by for dinner.
Ash and Kai arranged it in order. Ash couldn't have made the deadline without Kai's help.
Sasha opened Aubrey's mouth to try and get the small toy out before he swallowed it.
Sydney cited another source that said vaccinations were safe.
Remy needed to get to work as soon as possible.
Lee packed Jesse's suitcase with everything but forgot to give her any money to spend.
Lee performed one's recital at the behest of a large audience who arrived to watch.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back and began applying makeup.
Austin traced back his steps and found his phone near his car.
Jordan was walking down the street minding their own business.
Quinn and Carson are best of friends and hardly ever keep things away from each other.
Robin continued on heading Austin's way so that they could meet up for lunch.
Alex was told she could invite anyone she wanted so she invited her friend Cameron to the party.
Taylor was so egoistical that they tooted their own horn.
Tracy was proofreading the document for the meeting. She found a word out of place and carefully selected it.
Despite the severe storm and road condition outside, Kai proceeded on their way home.
Addison was feeling ill, but they took the medicine too fast and it didn't sit well.
Bailey moved back home after spending a long time at sea and learning many lessons.
Jordan overhead some people talking about a party. Jordan told them what Addison had said.
Kai took Riley's kids to the park when Riley needed to go to an interview for a new job.
Kendall rubbed Sydney's chin for good luck, which Sydney thought was a very odd gesture.
Remy looked his friend in the eye and lied to him about where he had been that night.
Riley rode her bike to work when she needed to.
Logan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron quickly put out the fire with a fire extinguisher Cameron found.
Quinn served the notice to the employees being let go/.
Riley showed the ring to their parents to see if it was something his girlfriend would like.
Quinn got his girlfriend lots of gifts for Christmas, but he got little in return.
Austin was proud of his green bean crop and took them to market to sell.
Alex used Bailey's powers of persuasion to influence the council vote.
Ash hit their sister while they were playing on the floor. Cameron took away Ash's toys.
tracy told their parents what happened so that they could help figure out a solution.
Carson was a good musician and played the flute at school.
Addison met Sasha during the emergency and hoped they people hurt will get better soon.
Jordan was having a hard time dealing with their Dad's passing but they found therapy to help.
Remy pursued his goal to get more healthy and fit.
Sasha was angry with Ash. Ash had slammed the door when leaving the house. Sasha now asked Ash to come home.
Sasha found Ash's hotel after stalking them for the last week.
Ashe wanted to see Carson again so he called and made plans with him.
Sasha sought advice elsewhere after her doctor's appointment.
Jesse was competing against other talented athletes but faced every obstacle perfectly.
Ash asked Casey anything in the interview. Ash knew by Casey curriculum she was perfect for the job.
Taylor granted Riley permission to go to the bowling alley to have some fun.
While on a long trip Riley took a lot of pictures of the mountains.
Robin started at their new school this year, after moving for the fourth time.
Kai was upset about her boyfriend cheating and didn't know what to do.
Remy walked right into the door and fell down and saw stars.
Aubrey needs to bake a cake. Aubrey made a trip to the store.
Kai exchanges insurance information with them and they went about their busy days trying to get over this accident.
Bailey took swimming lessons for the first time. Bailey practiced swimming everyday, and she learned to swim without protective equipment.
Cameron took sides with them and the others were appreciative that it lead to their success.
Skylar was very angry and decided he wanted to mounted Kai's response.
Despite Addison's repeated attempts to process a refund in the computer system, the customer insisted that the money had never been given back. Addison called the customer into Skylar's office. With years of management experience, Skylar would know how to resolve the conflict.
Quinn rarely sees their dad and is excited to spend time together.
Jan skips breakfast and then realizes she has to take a late lunch that day.
Addison graduated college and got their degree in business.
Austin changed his hair color after the hairdresser messed it up.
Sasha flicked Jesse to get her attention at school.
Austin was going to take the kids somewhere special. Austin took them to the city for the first time.
Remy listened to their favorite song on the radio all night long and had fun.
Quinn headed back to shore after the boat capsized on the lake.
By not studying at all for the final exam, Lee made their bed and lay in it.
Quinn gave cookies to Austin's parents and they enjoyed the dessert very much.
Cameron had lost his job of 15 years and had trouble paying his bills.
ash was a forgetful person so she left jesse's father stick at the ice rink.
Sydney strapped on their ice skates and went out onto the ice skating rink.
Austin served Robin's purpose when she asked for help.
Ash tried to bake a cake and did a great job at doing it.
Tracy got too excited with the four aces that Tracy tipped his hand.
After a big, long fight, Jordan decided he needed to break up with Skylar.
Sasha loved to sing classical music. Sasha's friend informed them of a job opportunity for a classical music singer.
Tracy invited their friend to a party which they always wanted to go to.
Sydney tried to get home on the bus and they got home with no problems.
Sydney worked really hard on developing a new social networking app which she sold to investor for 15 million dollars.
Aubrey designed their coats by the color of the cloth that reveals their gender.
Riley asked her boss if she could go to the party by herself.
Austin saved Jordan from the water that he was drowning in.
Taylor walked three miles to work determined to not be late.
Since they had to work overtime, Jesse was late getting to the basketball game.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a note. That was unexpected and inappropriate.
Remy had responsibilities from their group project, but wanted to go to the beach instead. Remy left the responsibilities behind.
jesse thanked the university for a grant and others were angry that they didn't get a grant.
Riley got Robin an answer about when the big football game will start to air.
Kendall tried hard to keep their composure even though their team was losing the match.
Quinn had a product he made and Addison got it in Kai's trademark store.
Ales thought of himself as simply another kid.
Casey drew Skylar's attention to the fact of the story.
Tracy tightened around Riley.  Riley, their three year old child, was going to cross the street.
Kendall walked to school one day and talked to their friend from school.
Kendall told her friends about her and her husband's fight.
Alex painted the house with bright and brilliant colors.
Remy offered to help their friends set up the party for the night.
Sydney went to the mall to buy things. Sydney bought toys for their daughter.
Remy invited Aubrey's friend to the party because Remy had a crush on Aubrey's friend.
Austin was going to be productive this Saturday. Austin spent all afternoon planting flowers in the garden.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas, causing the pizzas in the back seat to get cold.
Casey got their first book published last year and it was so successful Casey wrote another book.
Quinn wasn't well liked, because they always made a lot of assumptions about everyone they came across. It was rude.
Kendall asked their wife for a divorce, after having a mid life crisis.
Alex made eggs as part of the breakfast every morning.
Lee was starting into Jordan's eyes, he was beginning to fall in love.
casey was taught by alex for years so he eventually gained alex's understanding.
Austin had been outside all day playing and was sweaty.
Bailey killed the fly with a stone while cooking meals in the camping site.
Remy was struggling to get by and as Ash was a millionaire, Ash gave Remy a lot to help get them back on thir feet.
Bailey used her strength to control the weights.
Kendall had brought some pet treats that Kendall threw to the dogs.
Addison got really good grades in Math and Science.
Kai rushed through the test, he had an hour but finished in 20 minutes.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip to go to Disney world.
Tracy asked Jesse if she was ready to go to the dance with her.
Addison loved and respected her mother and always wanted to listen to her.
Cameron had grievances he wanted aired without fear of repercussion, so he petitioned the government for a redress.
Kendall was not a nice person. Kendall took their friend's allowance every day.
Jesse decided to go to the beach to cool down after getting stressed out over the break.
Lee hung some pictures on the wall of their friends that they loved a lot.
Lee made Addisonsacrifice her place on the team so others could get some play time too.
Ash loved Jordan well enough to ask her to marry him.
Sasha divided the pizza into parts to share with everyone.
Sydney discovered Remy' used dishes were cracked so she placed them at the recycle bin.
Cameron loved to read but they spent all night reading for hours.
Jordan told Remy the problem was with her attitude and not with him.
Robin visited many stores to get what she needed.
Skylar was my best friend up until High School when we slowly went our separate ways and met other people.
Remy awoke to find Alex shivering in the middle to the night.  Remy found an extra blanket in the ottoman and covered Alex up with it.
Cameron answsered another call at work and was taking a customers order.
Lee went to the supermarket and picked out the best cake then brought it round to Remy and gave it to Remy for their birthday.
Jesse got a ride to school with their friend in the morning.
Ash awoke the next morning, after taking sleeping pills the night before.
Tracy caused Sydney damage as Tracy did not really care about Sydney.
Sasha spent a whole day studying for the test and passed it with flying colors.
Cameron went to the store and bought some bread so they could make toast.
Tracy wasted her money on sports bets with her bookie in the city.
Kai moved towards Skylar and attempted to pick her nose.
Aubrey always thought of her mother every time they went out for ice cream.
After lunch, supervisor Remy called me into the office. He said I was getting a raise and promotion for the quality of my work.
Cameron studied science for years and now she got an excellent job teaching.
Kai was lonely and went to the shelter to adopt a dog last week.
Kendall surprised Ash's wife with a note saying that he was in love with her.
Jordan liked dogs but did not buy one.
Cameron headed toward Robin with his fists clenched.
Jan was on a long road trip all the way to the mountains.
Sydney went into the pool and started to make waves.
Skylar decided to buy soda instead of having a fruit drink.
The ball rolled into Robin's yard, so Robin rolled the ball away.
Casey considered his feelings and no longer desired to date Kendall.
Taylor told Alex that she liked him a lot and he said the same.
Lee was taken to the hospital for his broken arm.
Kendall gave Ash a her pan to cook with.  Ash expressed gratitude to Kendall.  Kendall frowned after he did so.
Jordan went to the local electronics store to shop for a new phone.
Lee had never cooked before and decided to try to make dinner.
Sydney invited their friend over to meet the others and it went very well.
Sasha gave Addison assistance at the store when the eggs fell.
Alex gave Quinn some ideas on how to fix the car.
Lee woke up early ready to go. Lee started the day.
Quinn was having problems with depression and drank a lot every day.
Austin left the hospital alone after visiting his friend for a few hours and bringing him dinner.
Remy covered Alex's body with suntan lotion at the beach.
Remy told Jordan that they were sorry after he got hurt.
It was finally a bright sunny day, the bold seemed to be gone for good, or at least the week. Lee decided to go play tag with the kids in the yard.
Taylor was talking in class and got her friends in trouble.
Cameron wanted to start a business after graduating from university with an economics degree.
Taylor was an android that was trying to improve. Taylor carried out their functions.
Austin called their dad for help when they get lost.
Addison made a grilled cheese sandwich for herself because it was cheap.
Alex used to live with their father until they accidentally shot them one day.
Skylar got good that year and got straigth As.
Riley worked the machine properly for the first time since being trained.
Remy was left holding the baby after everyone ran out of the room.
addison had a lot of books to get through so he started one at a time.
Lee was not ready for the test they planned in science class, Lee began panicking quickly.
Lee picked up Casey's children from school and drove them to their house.
Riley was upset at a bad call during the game. Riley left the game angry.
Bailey went to the dog park with her family.
Skylar felt the same way and loved Bailey in return.
Casey bought pencils in the store in order to get ready for school.
Riley prepared for Sydney's attack by holding up his shield to block the arrow.
Taylor played with the kid next door everyday until one day their neighbors moved away unexpectedly.
After years of practice, Addison executed every move flawlessly as their dance competition resulting in Addision winning the overall competition.
Remy played some video games with his friends and they all did very well.
Carson pushed the door open to reveal some people joking about.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money at the racetrack on Sunday, instead of going to church.
Skylar played a game in regulation and they ended up winning.
Jordan got caught stealing money from his mom and then he lied about it.
Casey set Remy's dishes in order above the sink at work.
Kai walked home with Ash to keep her safe that day.
Sofia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jace was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
alex was feeling overwhelmed so she called quinn's father.
Jordan created consumer awareness and positive feelings about his struggling brand.
Addison was so moved by the passionate protests, and decided to take part in the struggle with the people.
Addison found the one Skylar wanted, so they enjoyed the tub of ice cream while watching a show.
Alex wanted to place a bet on the football game although he is unfamiliar with the roster.
Jan took their date to lunch at a very upscale cafe. The food tasted wonderful.
Ash felt tired and unprepared for the test after staying out at the concert the night before.
Jesse talked to Casey about anything they wanted. Today they talked about politics.
Jordan went along to get along so everybody got along.
Austin won something after competing against the others.
Alex got in Robin's way to the door after Robin tried to steal something.
Casey paid the rent on time and got a nice thank you from the owner.
Carson bought some things at the store for dinner that night.
Robin started school early that year so that she could get done faster.
Sydney put her old winter clothes in storage.
Bailey went out for one night with their friends after a long and busy week.
Sydney looked Kai in the eye while they reprimanded Kai for their actions.
Sydney was Cameron's boss. Sydney made Cameron give some remarks.
Sydney belonged to Cameron's group but Cameron scored a 50% on her test and any one that scores below 70% would be kicked out of the group.
Carson tried to start a new rock band but excluded every person that tried out.
Remy lived at home and was going to get their first apartment.
Taylor was a competitive gamer and was playing against Addison. Taylor took Addison's lives in the video game.
Bailey realized what went wrong with the project and apologized to her booss.
Lee checked online on his bank account.
Jan was hired to paint his neighbor's walls. Jan performed the task well.
Sasha had a test coming up in a very difficult subject, so Sasha spent the whole day studying.
Sydney was frying bacon in Casey's apartment, and Sydney sounded Casey's fire alarm.
Alex found a house she loved closer to her work.
Kai wanted to earn some extra money. Kai learnt how to knit.
Cameron took Ash's phone and fixed it for them so they could watch videos on it.
Sydney had always been a protective mother, so when people started fight, Sydney kept Lee apart from the commotion.
Robin supplied Lee with food after serving the paying customers.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of pants and Casey expressed great appreciation for the pants.
Sasha finally felt relieved after she told the truth.
In order to show Lee how to kiss, Sasha gave Lee first-hand experience.
Quinn was known as the biggest bully in the school. They were so tall it was hard to fight them. Quinn fought Alex after school and lost.
Kai bought the tickets for him and Lee to see the local baseball game.
Robin told my parents about the field trip we were going on.
Although Alex expressed their desire for more cake, their mother said no because Alex was getting too fat.
Jan was in a bad mood after school and ended up giving her parents a hard time.
Ash's daughter asked him if she could go on a date and Ash said he would see.
Alex saw a police car and stayed out of its way.
Although there were instances throughout where she treated the others poorly. They understood that it was Aubrey's wedding day.
sasha started her new business and required taylor's payment amount.
Riley went home from work after a long day of taking care of things.
Jesse impressed Skylar's parents by telling them about their project at school.
Austin treated Jan's water well for bacteria and proclaimed it safe to drink once more.
Quinn protected the battalion from attack by performing impressive strategic maneuvers that outflanked the enemy.
Kai took careful consideration in writing the post before she put it online.
Tracy asked Lee to meet him at the house so they could speak in private.
After their cat developed a cyst on its face, Cameron took it to the veterinarian.
Skylar maintained Jan's level of authority when she was out sick.
Bailey bought a large bag of candy, and shared it with all their friends.
Sydney bought a replacement puppy for her daughter. The puppy she had was hit by a car.
After moving to a new city and losing his phone, Lee got his phone back.
Carson just put the baby down for a nap. Carson heard the baby make a noise.
Kendall threw food to the stray dogs near the beach.
Carson decided to try to become a model with a well known, internationally recognized agency.
Kendall was done cooking and served the large dinner to her family.
Ash trained very hard for the games that were coming up.
A couple of people were late for the meeting but Alex got the meeting underway anyway.
Tracy took Kai home after they went to a good movie.
Jan slept in so to ensure they arrived at work ontime Jan skipped eating anything.
Carson gets a job promotion and needs a bigger house.
Robin skydives, swims with sharks, and loves watching horror movies. Robin doesn't like staying home, reading, or watching romance movies.
Remy pleaded bailey's case because she was the lawyer.
Addison is a midwife. She worked all night by the laboring mother's side until the baby was born.
Kendall lost control of her car quickly when it slid on the icy road.
Kai had a boxing match against a rival school. Kai wanted to win really badly, so they went for the jugular during the match.
Ash was holding a weapon and looking frightened, so Sasha asked Ash to explain what was going on.
Taylor went over to Austin's to play and brought along toys and games.
Sydney had a tiny scratch on her arm and make a big deal about it to her parents.
Cameron called attention to the fact that he was right.
Casey and their husband were having a wedding, so Casey set their affairs in order to start their new life.
Remy helped the woman work on her car in the cold dark night.
Carson had been searching for employment since graduation. They recently began a new job.
Austin reached their goals after working hard and staying focused.
Skylar was going on a trip so they purchased a ticket for the plane.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job to help out with their bills, but she didn't.
Kendall had written a long and detailed letter to Jesse confessing all their deepest feelings and emotions, and after reading it, Jesse knew Kendall´s heart.
Quinn was reading a really interesting comic book that they had just bought in the store.
Cameron came into Carson's life and changed it.
Alex ended their vacation to the beach house in Hawaii a day early.
Austin spilled their drink while spending time with a friend and got a cloth to clean it up.
Jesse produced Austin's test result and showed him the grade.
Remy went wild at the beach during the spring break party.
When Carson saw that Bailey was pregnant, Carson gave Bailey their seat on the crowded train.
according to the article Sydney accidentally left the window open.
Jordan wanted to surprise Casey by bringing Remy to visit Casey and his family.
Bailey read the diary but it didn't make sense the way it was written.
Skylar said something to Ash that made them feel much better and calm down.
Lee told Kendall that he was in love with her when they went out to eat.
Bailey just recently graduated and already started her own business.
Sydney always used her judgement and made wise decisions for themselves.
Quinn came back to my room after we had a heated argument that morning.
Lee and his brother kept their lips sealed.
Remy was going to get a scholarship because he was the best player on the basketball team.
While their baby sister was taking a nap, Jordan played video games but kept the noise to a minimum.
Sasha's shoes started falling apart so she bought herself some new shoes.
aubrey was a strong person so she gained robin's independence.
Quinn wouldn't go away even though everybody else wanted them to leave the party.
cameron sold sasha's coins at low prices so that they could be gotten rid of.
Jan visited Robin's parents let them know Robin was too lazy to visit them.
After Taylor saw Lee´s first painting, Taylor gave Lee's son praise.
Taylor offered Ash an opportunity to join his team in the sports league.
Alex and Taylor had decided to start a small business together.
Sydney got their mind off of it for the time being.
Sydney was sick of having no friends so he gave Jesse's friends candy.
Skylar managed to win the dart game that night at the bar.
Remy always drank water after a hard work out and was getting tired of it.
Ash was shopping for new knives and looked at the daggers.
Alex took their purchases to the car and loaded it up so that they could go home.
Taylot spend some much needed time alone to relax from their stressful day.
Ash saw Taylor and thought that she was absolutely beautiful.
Cameron is visiting a friend at work. Cameron is looking around the office to see what it is like.
Ash asked dad for some advice on dating, but dad was too embarrassed to reply.
Remy choked their neck until they passed out .
Addison returned home that evening after working all day.
Jan took a lunch break and got herself a big salad with a side of fries.
Riley struck fear into their hearts by bringing a knife and a scary clown mask.
Ash told Robin they needed help with a new order that just came in.
Taylor was helping Kendall finish painting her house. Kendall was tired of her daily existence involving things like paint and drop clothes and ruined clothes.
Sydney persuaded Tracy to go to the store so they could stay home and play games.
Jordan awaited Lee to get an opportunity to help.
Austin didn't go to school so they could stay home and rest.
Jordan took me out to eat and told me some ice stories.
Sasha said something mean to her best friend without intending too.
Alex put Tracy to bed after the party where Tracy drank way too much.
Riley's puppy was due to get some shots and new dog chow.
Skylar wanted to show his brother a good time.  He hadn't seen him in ages.
Robin hit the rocks today and got comfy in her giant and fluffy bed.
Robin got Riley's ears pierced when Riley was ten years old.
Jordan was a thief. They took my dog.
Despite knowing Sasha's future capabilities, Alex spared Sasha's life this time.
Robin cancelled the trip to the beach because of the forecast storms.
Alex saw a lion at the zoo after it had escaped from the cage.
Jesse trying to take care of it held their dog in check.
Quinn attended their business needs when they found out the stock prices had dipped.
Robin spoke what was on Alex's mind because he wasn't shy about it at all.
Jan visited Sydney in Boston and cooked a big dinner in their kitchen.
Jan moved from place to place when he was a young child.
Ash was very lazy and Riley ended up have to do both their shares of work.
The others decided to exclude the new boy but Addison liked everyone and wouldn't go along with it.
Kendall finally saved up enough money to get a new game console this spring.
Kai wanted to spend some time with her friends at the bar this weekend before she went on her trip.
Kai went to the lecture by the famous man.  Kai thought it was garbage and threw contempt on the subject.
In the play about a humble servant, Carson shone their shoes.
Ash secretly went to kill Addison because of his lying cheating heart.
Addison knew a boy who would hit off with her friend so Addison set her up on a date.
Robin had a gut feeling and knew inside themselves that they would eventually give up.
Kai pumped Quinn's tires after Quinn drove over a nail and got a flat.
Skylar was a very high maintenanced person and cost a lot.
Carson bought food for their son after not eating for two days.
Jesse hypnotised Austin in order to make them do their bidding.
Riley gave the room a makeover and the room looked like a fresh paint of green.
Carson wanted to get Quinn's attention quickly. Carson grabbed Quinn's wrist.
Skylar didn't think that Taylor would approve the purchase request.
Addison hurt really bad after tripping and breaking their knee.
Jan struck every key on the piano according to the sheet.
Kendall's parents recently decided to divorce. Kendall was confused by this event and had questions about why his parents wanted to divorce, and he finally asked them.
Kai needed a ride home from the bar. Robin took Kai home.
Addison didn't know what she wanted to do with her life. Sasha provided Addison with many opportunities to choose from.
Taylor was on shift in the emergency room when a patient came in who wasn't breathing. Taylor saved the patient's life.
Aubrey went outside and found trash in the parking lot.
Casey begged her parents for one of the ice cream cones, but they told her she needed to finish her chicken dinner first.
Despite all of the drama and difficulty that year, Sydney stayed the course and graduated.
Sydney parked my car all the way down the street on the next block.
Ash saw Jesse last week and asked them if they wanted to do something later.
Kendall kept thinking about her bad grade on the test. Kendall turned their thoughts to other things to avoid thinking about it.
Jan gave the teachers a hard time and felt bad about it later.
Austin got ready for their wedding in the morning to arrive on time.
Bailey had applied for a promotion at work and received word that she got it.
The teacher was teaching the students about biology. Kendall asked questions in class.
Jesse faced every obstacle calmly and was able to think clearly.
Robin ruffled Sydney's feathers, but found out that everything was Robin's fault.
Carson asked Addison for help in finding a location for his party and Addison found the perfect place.
Quinn spent the money after saving it for months.
Jan got her fingers stuck in the gate playing around. Bailey came over and pulled Jan's fingers out.
sydney got a new batch of prisoners to cook food, and she put the rest to work.
Jesse let their friends come to his party after his parents left.
Sydney concentrated on the water in their hands, careful not to drop any on the floor.
Ash got Jordan one for his birthday and gave it to him at the party.
Austin saved Jordan's life after Jordan got involved in a bad car accident.
Quinn owned a new car.
Alex made Austin head waiter at his restaurant in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Alex watched a new movie with a group of friends at the theatre.
Casey discovered the philosopher's book and ended up reading everything she could find on him.
Remy showed Alex's dog lots of love while its owner was away on a business trip.
Aubrey went halves on everything with her frineds.
They stood up to the bully to teach him a lesson and got suspended from school and wasn't allowed to come back.
Casey was feeling down and needed some time for themself. Taylor left Casey alone.
Casey was brushing their teeth. They wanted to have fresh breath.
Carson gave their medicine to charity so it could help people.
Kendall got so good at the game that she won a lot of tournaments.
Quinn passed out the test copies to each of the students in class.
Tracy filled Taylor heart with a lot of hope about the important game.
Remy had kept their chips in their lunchbox, but when they opened it, they were gone.
Jan's mum called to see Jan and Bailey so Bailey made her a cup of tea and a sandwich.
Austin observed the abuse everyday, and eventually stood up to their drunken father.
Riley cut their nails digging in the dirt and helping the community out.
Jan got a tetanus shot and received a piece of candy for the bravery.
Tracy bought some new item at the store and used it in her cake.
Tracy would not let Casey leave to go out with her friends until she cleaned up the mess in her bedroom.
Remy took food to their mom after they finished work to spend time with them.
Carson wished for a new bike, and he got his wish.
Riley taught some of her friends how to fish the right way and they all caught something in the lake.
Bailey made Sasha's coffee which really cheer her up from the bad day.
Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb after it was hurt from hitting it with the hammer.
Casey urged Jan to take a leave of absence after finding out about Jan's cancerous tumor on her side.
Addison was angry with Tracy. Addison basically told Tracy to shut up.
Austin was nearly finished school but had to do the final exams first so they did a lot of hard work and studied day and night for them.
Lee laughed together with their mother talking about the old days.
They were going out to dinner and Jordan payed Jan's share.
Jan slapped Ash across the face when she saw him.
Cameron saw that Remy was having some issues in school and offered to help them.
Addison called Lee to tell Jordan as well about the accident that happened.
Austin looked over all of the cards and divided them all into separate categories.
Carson knew how to swim down the river very far.
Jesse competed in a triathlon and faced every obstacle with great endurance.
Jesse was being mean and wanted to get Casey riled up. Jesse rattled Casey's cage to get him mad.
Alex and Sydney had a play date at Sydney's house.  Sydney had so many toys and Alex enjoyed Sydney's toys too much.
Alex administered the lord's medicine to the lord's prized racing horse.
Aubrey always listened to their parents advice about life.
aubrey was rude and flamboyant so she made a pig of herself.
Aubrey took the card away and put it behind her back for a minute.
After a hard fought competition, Taylor raised Cameron's arms in victory.
After having their previous bag stolen at the mall, Addison carried the bag everywhere.
Ash was mountain climbing with friends, he sued special rope and pulleys to reduce the risk of injury.
Austin signed the consent form at the doctor's office to have surgery later that day.
Austin struggled to make ends meet and had to get a second job at night.
Quinn taught their views and thoughts on politics to their students.
Alex made Jesse's laws and they all had approval of these laws for the year.
Ash went to the beach and sat down on the shore.
Tracy was shy.  Therefore, they avoided Jesse's eyes when they just met.
Tracy squinted while trying to look into Robin's eyes on a sunny day.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to respond to all different types of commands.
Skylar does not have driver's license until recently. Usually Skylar's husband drives a car. Skylar decided to drive home today.
Lee reached out to Alex's hand when they were watching a movie.
Remy wasn't feeling well, so they stayed home and spent the entire day playing video games.
Lee completed the work with plenty of time to spare.
Skylar learned German in school and wanted to go to Berlin.
After being sent for a rehab for 30 days, Addison got their act straight.
Skylar was a stay at home mom because she loved to be with her children.
Jordan immediately put the dog outside when it stretched at the door.
Riley made Kendall's discovery known even though Kendall did not want to.
Carson sent Tracy's furnishings to college because Tracy was starting to feel homesick at school.
Sasha finally got Aubrey's attention after yelling her name a few times.
When Jan made the speech at work, she said everything in a way that was forceful and agressive.
Taylor gave the dog its food because it was very hungry.
Sydney got confronted at the pub by a drunk guy accusing Sydney of banging into him but instead of fighting Sydney decided to walk away.
Tracy issued Riley an order even though Tracy wasn't the boss.
Tracy got a new hat and gave their head a shake to fit better.
Alex batted five hundred for the spring baseball season.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan yesterday. They had an anger problem.
Addison put Quinn's arms down by their side, because Quinn was getting out of control and swinging wildly.
Kendall was unhappy in her current job and would often come home crying. Kendall found a new job.
Casey gave Alex a first aid kit to hold while she addressed a wound Alex acquired playing volleyball.
Riley explained the rules to the kids on how to play the game of basketball.
taylor was a guide, he led aubrey and her team up the mountain.
Robin took Lee's rocket away because he got in trouble at school.
Addison hired and fired many employees and now they were all organizing a strike.
Lee gave Terona the throne which she had always wanted from the beginning.
Sasha is a musical prodigy performing at the great hall for thousands of people tonight. Sasha performed well.
Riley made fun of Sydney every day until one day he felt regret.
Jan shook a leg and a spider fell on the ground.
Kendall prohibited trash in the territories and did not leave garbage cans out.
Robin gave Tracy death wishes multiple times that day.
To offset his fear, Skylar whistled in the dark.
Riley was in the right place at the time and was able to save Jan's life when Jan had a seizure.
Ash was running through the house when his younger brother Casey fell in Ash's way.
Bailey took her sister's car to the shop when it was broken.
Kai has asked Taylor to watch her son for the day. Taylor put Kai's son down so he could go play.
Cameron attempted to place a soft kiss on an angry dog.
Cameron felt a mass in Robin's leg after examining for a type of cancer.
Addison's captives didn't want to listen to her. Addison preached loudly to them so they had to listen.
Kai kept Kendall's hands warm when she couldn't find her gloves.
Alex enjoyed Sydney's tears too much after punching them in the stomach.
Jesse decided it was important to forgive the men for their unkind words and actions.
Aubrey was adopted and didn't know her new family well. Aubrey asked Tracy questions regarding their parents.
Jordan raised Taylor's question again this time in school.
Alex took the food.
Quinn attended the basketball game for the first time.
Since they were having so much fun at the amusement park, Sydney somehow got separated from friends.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai after they went to a high school dance together.
Alex wanted a pizza and decided to bake one.
Riley blew up a baloon.
Lee eliminated every possibility to solve the equation in the exam.
Sasha spent all day trying to fix the printer. Carson resolved Sasha's problem.
Robin took the newly cooked food to the counter.
Austin was walking up the stairs then when he got to the top he remembered something so he traced back down the steps.
Riley was with some friends and played cards. Riley got drunk last night.
Remy posted flyers to the event they were going to put on.
Aubrey was a fabulous singer and vain, they knew that they could sing the national anthem at a football game. When they finally got an invitation to sing, they said they would think about it.
Riley stopped teasing Lee today and decided to become friends instead.
Tracy enjoyed running in the park for a few hours each day.
Aubrey picked a phone at random from the box of phones.
Lee spent a lot of money on a new puppy, but he ended up losing it the next week.
Sasha wanted to be financially responsible so she paid her bills on time.
Jan wanted to drive back home from their place but realized she left her keys on the kitchen table.
Lee made lots of pancakes and bacon for breakfast. They shared this meal with their significant other as a surprise.
Kai made a stern face and slammed their purse on the table.
Jan spent a lot of time training their dog. Jan finally taught their dog to sit.
Carson made an A on his test and knew his parents would be happy.
Sydney met Addison halfway from home, even though Addison was avoiding her.
Austin was at the rodeo waiting for his date, even though she was an hour late.
Jordan bounced the ball around the house even though her mom told her not to.
Sasha introduced another friend to Kai who is particular about his next girlfriend.
Kendall bought a new baseball to play catch in the park with their son Ramon.
Quinn gave the international armed guards no trouble and passed through the checkpoint unscathed.
Aubrey kept Ash's eye on things as she knew he needed to stay focused in order to complete everything.
Taylor went for a run and got parched, so Taylor drank soda.
Jesse took a long look at his girlfriend Robin and put his head down sadly.
Jordan was able to precisely manage and help Cameron's relationship very effectively.
Casey tossed the fish back since she did not want to hurt it.
Kai bought food at the store for the big banquet that was going to happen at work.
Despite Kendal refusing Austin still sent him off to the war.
Jan wanted to make sure that they had a good breakfast before school.
Austin saw the man was in trouble and gave them aid.
Skylar constructed another argument right before everybody left.
Business has been booming at Jordan's job. Because of this Jordan has to work more hours than normal.
Jordan and Aubrey's relationship was getting pretty serious and Jordan wanted to spend more time with her children that he loved as his own.
Aubrey told the waitress what she wanted to order, and the waitress went on her way.
Getting carried away at the renaissance fair, Jordan called thee a knave.
Riley learned something new and was given the promotion she always wanted because of it.
Bailey got Ash's books from the library so she wouldn't have to.
Lee pushed their cart through the crowd and got home quicker by doing this.
Aubrey took Robin's money from her purse to pay for the food.
Ash took Jordan's breath away after appearing before Jordan dressed up.
Aubrey waited in the long line for a slice of pie.
Traces went to the orthodontist and had braces put on today.
Riley was playing ball, Tam was trying to get the ball but Riley got it instead.
Riley was a trouble maker and law breaker infact they defied every law and they thought they were above the law.
Sasha ate sweets before the film started.
Sasha wanted a dog and decided to look for one to adopt at a local animal shelter.
Jan ate week old spaghetti and then was feeling unexpectedly ill.
Cameron didn't want to go swimming today. Aubrey took Cameron's friend swimming instead.
Jordan saw Bailey three times a week since they broke up two months ago.
Aubrey turned Sydney back around and told Sydney that they were not want there.
Seeing that she needed serious help, Alex designed Robin's experiment for her.
Taylor set their guests at ease about why they were their.
Jordan gave them something to make their headache go away.
Cameron stopped to help Aubrey on the side of the road when her car is broken down.
Taylor walked home from school yesterday because the school bus never came to pick her up.
Jan was feeling ill so she went to bed early for the night.
Riley made an example out of her worst enemy by embarrassing her.
Kendall let carson's dog out but forgot to bring the poop bags with her.
Bailey applied for the job after she moved to the new city.
Lee took pity on Kendall and helped him with the homework that was giving him trouble.
Bailey recently departed from college and moved back in with her parents.
Bailey and Jordan both planned to watch a movie and Bailey got both their tickets.
Robin bought clothes on sale and was able to stock up their wardrobe for almost nothing.
Robin completed their school work and was going to watch tv.
Jan heard Austin's mother yell when it was time to do chores.
Tracy assisted in jewelry making at the store where she worked for her uncle.
Riley didn't have experience with scissor so he accidentally cut his hand with the scissors.
Aubrey wanted to make a good impression so she lost her attitude for Quinn's sake.
Kai turned out pretty well and got a big promotion at the job.
Taylor didn't notice the fact that they forgot to turn in their homework that day.
Riley kept their dog in good condition because the dog was in a competition.
Robin told their children no, after they begged Robin for a bunch of new toys.
Jan launched another rock across the park at the group playing basketball.
Bailey threw Casey's head back and started to wash it a lot.
Addison set him up on a date so that they could finally find someone to go out with.
Quinn thought Taylor's clothes looked bad. Quinn effected Taylor changed her clothes.
Tracy paid Remy back but less than she owed him.
Casey's friend was mean to them at school. Casey gave his friend a second chance when they apologized.
Alex made eye contact with Sydney very many times during the day.
Jan improved Bailey's lives by getting her a new job.
Quinn noticed money on the counter, and ran outside to return it to the forgetful customer.
Sydney filled up the truck and put their furniture into storage.
As the suspect crudely mocked the victim, Remy rounded their neck and squeezed.
riley was a person who loved jokes so he made fun of sydney every day.
Sydney took to her bed wanting to get a night of sleep.
Casey made Bailey approach the snake as part of the 'fear exposure' therapy session.
Alex had the flu. Alex went to school even though their doctor sad not to. Alex spread the flu to their classmates.
Lee had been looking forward to his birthday for a while now because his wife also surprises him with nice gifts.
Ash bought food at a store after he burned the dinner he made at home.
Tracy had words with the director and ultimately got her way and the script was changed.
Cameron was on a budget and need a new shed. Cameron used tools to make it.
Albright was so happy after he won $1000000 on his lottery ticket.
Riley wanted to be helpful so they got Robin an opportunity at work.
Quinn forgot to study for a test. They made a bad grade.
Sarah did something wrong while she was checking out at the grocery store.
Riley is throwing a surprise party for their boss. Riley sends out an email to all the employees devising a plan and asking they keep the secret.
Austin built Quinn's house yesterday. He had finally finished the job he had took on.
Sydney is a teacher who really wants her students to learn.
Bailey executed her wrath on Aubrey who did wrong in a way that will live in infamy forever.
While rushing to the table with the tray, Cameron dropped it, breaking every dish.
Jan had a task at work and did the work well.
Jan needed a change of pace in their life. They moved to Cambridge in 2013.
Tracey's friend turned 40 so they were having a party to celebrate and they invited Tracy along.
Carson was busy swinging his bat around he didn't see anyone walk behind him. Carson hurt another person when he swung the bat.
Aubrey needed help finding qualified people, so Casey formed Aubrey's administration.
Kendall's boss Addison put Kendall's creative solution to the problem with the team project into action.
Aubrey wanted to get straight A's and worked hard and met their goals.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting so he could determine a value.
Cameron got his first tattoo on his arm at the tattoo shop.
Ash did their homework and turned it in and got a good grade.
Taylor politely asked for seconds because he didnt want to disturb anybody at the camp.
Jesse felt Skylar's hand and asked if they would like to go to the movies.
Sydney escaped their cage after playing around with he lock.
Remy lived at home to help out their mother while she was recovering from flu.
Casey searched around for the key to the house for a few hours.
Bailey met Addison in the street and exchanged a brief nod before hurriedly heading on their way in the opposite direction.
Alex told Taylor the way to go to London.  Taylor was very grateful.
Sasha decided to help out and decorated Aubrey's Christmas tree.
Kendall went to the fortune tell and decided to seek their fortune.
Ash and Aubrey wanted to tell their parents the truth about their relationship, so they decided to come out and tell them.
Kai asked Addison's parents for one of their famous pies when they were at the store together.
Lee wasn't understanding the content in their class, so their professor Remy drew them an analogy.
By installing a new deadbolt on the door, Ash reduced their risk of a burglary.
Kai asked Riley to go to prom with him.
Ash comforted Casey about the loss of her job as it was quite a shock to her.
Quinn bought everything that Jan needed while she was in the hospital.
Carson showed their daughter how to ride a bike after learning how to do so when they were a child.
Jan pulled Sydney forward to speak with them privately.
Addison found their mother at the hospital after the car ran her over.
Bailey raised fund to support those in need of help nearby.
Sydney called their office to ask for the day off work.
riley was bored but he was rich so he could afford sydney's pleasure.
Carson got dessert for my birthday but it turned out I was allergic to the flavoring.
Tracy went outside and played in the snow.
Robin stole a piece of jewelry from her friend Addison.
Carson was late to work and there was a lot of traffic. They finally made it through the biggest traffic jam.
Kendall threw to the dogs until they were all too tired to continue.
Kai didn't think the answer was correct so let their disagreement be known.
Jordan planned for his upcoming vacation and applied for a passport.
Alex enjoyed spending time with people at the local coffee shop.
Riley got popular and everyone wanted to hang out with him.
Sasha told Quinn the place where they should to meet up to eat, but Quinn never show up.
Jesse was going on holiday but was working so hard to get the time off they were unable to go shopping for all their holiday clothes so they decided to have a look online to see what was available.
Tracy was always good and stayed out of trouble as a kid and adult.
Taylor made Ash's home complete after they moved to the big city.
Sasha tangled Jordan's fingers so tightly he lost all circulation to them.
Carson started his truck to warm it up before driving to work.
Remy received their information from many sources, and it all added up to what they believed.
alex found a girl to bring to his house so they left the store together.
Skylar always watched television and decided to try to read a book.
Jesse brought the marriage invitation to Kendall who was too busy to go.
Riley got high on pot and got into a car accident.
Tracy has always wanted to take part in freedom fighting, she succeeded at took part.
Riley ate the cake and had some bread pudding to go along with it.
Alex knew she was missing something from her wallet. Alex soon realized someone stole their credit card.
Riley imposed their will on others to be able stay with the old house and sell it.
Austin and Addison made a big announcement about the birth of their baby.
Riley expressed her feelings to Kendall who said she felt the same.
jesse filled aubrey's glass to the brim so that it was hard to move the glass.
Lee was forgetful and forgot their wallet at home on the way to work.
Taylor thought well of Jesse, but Jesse never liked Taylor that much.
Bailey likes to play with her dog.
addison wanted to see casey so he scheduled for casey to show up in front of him.
Alex called Ash to come help them work on their project.
Riley told Taylor what they had found and how it had belonged to Taylor.
In spite of his limited experience with baseball in the previous years, Carson still made the team.
Kendall brought Jesse's hands up to her face to touch the scar.
Sydney didn't know what they would do without Carson, Carson had helped Sydney very much.
Taylor explained everything to Ash but Ash asked if it could be explained again in more detail.
Alex was arguing with a friend, but then saw he was wrong and saw eye to eye with the friend.
The leftovers in Cameron's fridge were old and started to stink.
Jesse was taking a bath and decided to clean the shower when he was done.
Riley made Kendall's discovery of the extra snacks known to their friends.
Skylar became exhausted and decided to return home in the evening.
Kendall had always wanted to play piano since they were a very young child.
Cameron used his skill to help build a new barn for his neighbors.
Ash got Quinn's name when they were looking for someone to paint.
Wanting to expand his horizons and give him a good time, Jordan took her son to the circus.
After dreaming about it for years, Casey decided to start taking piano lessons but quickly found that they were very untalented.
Jesse studied all night and got a good grade on their test.
Jan was in a boxing tournament and was doing well so she started another fight.
Ash was groggy and shaky from having the flu, but recovered their senses in time for the beach vacation.
Robin went next door to ask the neighbor to borrow their rake and leaf blower since Robin just moved in.
Austin just finished their workout video. Austin stretched out their arms to make them feel good.
Jesse brought home a puppy that was about to be euthanized at the shelter.
Alex was really excited to set up the tournament for everyone to join.
Riley told Taylor they found gold after digging for hours at the site.
Jordan did the job she was asked to do.
Jan was tasked with collecting data on the residents living in the mapped area.
Sydney shielded their kids from the sun by using sunscreen lotion.
Skylar always wanted to be a teacher in a elementary school. Skylar landed their dream job.
Jesse had to get everyone's coffee order. Jesse left that coffee shop with the orders.
Bailey was excited to see Tracy and pulled her pants down.
Addison liked Aubrey very much and decided to give her a kiss.
Kendall picked up the phone, dialed a number, and asked Sydney's friend.
Riley saw the eye doctor. The doctor gave them glasses.
Jordan played a game of hockey and scored a goal against the other team.
Addison formed their own opinions, despite everyone around them telling them what they should think.
Robin showed Aubrey respect by looking her in the eyes and listening to her side of the story.
Jan got new tires and they lasted a few years.
Alex enforced this article by legislation when he voted for it.
Quinn was just learning how to play chess for the first time. Quinn always beat his friend at chess.
Russell wilson is playing in Robins home town of San Francisco. Robin liked him the best and is going to watch him play football in person.
Once Aubrey heard the bell ring, he quickly left the classroom for the bathroom.
Tracy asked Lee to meet his parents after they had been dating for months.
The results of her research were in and showed that Addison improved survival rates in patients. The new drug was a success.
Austin gave the man a cold drink and some clean socks to wear.
Skylar played pool with their friends after a hard day at work.
Addison used her own power to keep it going for the others.
Casey asked other people if they thought she was a nice person.
There was no food left after the party at his house, so Skylar told Lee to bring something to eat.
Casey was questioned by police about the theft and provided what information he could.
Robin played a game with her friends and ended up winning.
Jan cooked the pasta according to the directions but it turned out mushy.
Addison didn't have enough money, so Sydney bought her lunch at school.
Kendall really liked the show and wanted to see it again.
Jordan moved to Hollywood after landing a leading role on America's next hit sitcom.
Sydney kissed Robin's lips. They loved each other deeply.
Skylar finally got fired.
Jesse was starting a new job later and was excited to work.
kai was bored so he asked addison's parents for a free car.
Kai arrived to class. They didn't have much time left.
Kai got dinner at the new restaurant he wanted to try.
Bailey explained the basis for the issue was grounded in fact not conjecture.
austin was hungry at the party so he also made sure to grab some food.
Remy gave Cameron the benefit of the doubt and retracted their accusations of theft.
Quinn changed the sheets two times and the sheets looked the best they have ever been.
Colton was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
jan wanted to have something to do on the weekend so she learned how to dance.
Robin's father was killed and they wanted to get revenge back for them.
Tracy fought the same way as Aubrey but still ultimately lost the boxing match.
Addison used fire to burn things.
Quinn is working really hard to study for her next test so she won't fail.
taylor was a dominant person so he impressed upon me the standards.
Cameron sung the praises of God and got a standing ovation at the big church.
Feeling broke and impoverished, Remy took Skylar's money from her.
Ash welcomed Cameron back into their reading group at the start of the meeting.
Jesse's smoking affected Casey's health so Jesse threw away his cigarettes.
Skylar impeded Quinn's progress on the long, hard exam.
Jan was responsible for planning the party and carried the plan into effect.
Tracy sang very well in front of the large crowd at the concert.
sasha decided they would rather receive a large lump sum of money, so sasha made their decision.
Sydney is a ball python. Right now, her owner is letting her roam free in the living room.
Kai's father promised them that he would reward them if they learnt to play an instrument so Kai learnt the piano.
Alex packed Aubrey's car with all her belongings.
Sasha played goalie in the best team in the entire league.
Robin won the challenge with their friend at who was the best singer.
Kendall improved Riley's quality of life by paying off her credit card bill.
Kai did drugs last year and her parents found out about it and grounded them.
Ash got a real job and began to save money.
Kendall lost their footing near the edge of the cliff, but Jordan prevented Kendall from falling.
Robin was going to the water park and took her purse along in case.
Quinn drank a little too much at the party. Casey drove Quinn home to make sure she didnt drive.
Sydney sat down and carefully taught Carson all about the basics.
Kai went to dinner with their family and had a really nice time.
Austin made Robin make an analysis on the new company for tomorrow.
Lee got into their stride and completed the race quickly with little effort.
Cameron wanted to be helpful and watered Sasha's plants while he was on vacation to Rome.
Alex enjoyed Sydney's food so much and was glad that Sydney had made dinner tonight.
Remy spent the whole day at an amusement park and was tired now, but Remy was still happy.
Kendal helped ease the pain when she gave her friend some medicine.
Remy hadn't eaten for seven days, but Remy found money in the sector while walking around town.
Sydney asked the secretary for Casey's number because Casey wanted more product information to make a decision.
Lee wanted to visit his mother, but she was at work so Lee came around later.
Skylar stopped the car in the driveway and was getting ready to go home.
Austin clasped Lee's hands because Lee was feeling scared and alone.
Kendall made a living at it because she was really good at it.
After holding on to the pole for 2 hours, Robin knew they would give up.
Tracy thought they might want to eat since they were gone for so long.
Addison checked Skylar's car for any problems before their roadtrip.
Jan decided to give Bailey another chance to go after doing the project again.
Robin found their peace in the words that were written in the book.
Casey had to help Carson get into their car seat since they were very young.
Riley was buying all the camping equipment so he could establish another camp.
Addison did Remy dirty. She snuck back into his house after he left and took the money out of his sock drawer.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress because she dislike her.
Austin kept Ash at home because she was very sick.
Cameron decided to flip a coin to decide who will win the new car.
Tracy had gotten a job from Lee and earned Lee's bread through hard work.
Addison looked in the mail and found her new movie in the box.
Taylor affected Carson's ability to think clearly, so Carson didn't pass the big exam the next day.
Riley had gotten icing all over her face at dinner. Bailey washed Riley's face til it was clean.
Alex spent the morning reading the faces of the accused in a courtroom.
Addison studied so much that she ended up getting good grades all year.
Tracy told Jan that they would be performing in the school play with each other.
Casey took Austin's chances and decided to join him to buy a lot of lottery tickets.
Lee knew that he would get push back, but justified the reason for his actions to the rest of the group.
Quinn was locked out of his house and needed to climb in through the window.
Cameron would make fun of Austin when he spoke about his baseball card collection.
Ash was tickling Jesse to get Jesse to confess to who she fancied in school.
Kendall changed Casey's diet when she came to her asking for help with gettig in shape.
Skylar fell but they kept going because they were late to school.  Skylar finally looked at her bruise.
Jordan walked home after she was dumped by her boyfriend at the dance.
Jesse got paid by his job and went home to show his girlfriend.
Ash got a beautifully wrapped gift from their boyfriend so she opened the gift quickly as she was keen to see what was inside but inside was an ugly scarf.
Remy started feeling better when she took the Pepto bismol.
Carson pulled the football away from his teamate after seeing poor sportsmanship.
Ash purchased a book without a cover and did an internet search to see what it looked like.
Kai was a race car driver in the car racing league that year.
Cameron had a caffeine sensitivity, so Cameron never drank coffee at night.
Kai was being used, they did not liek them but he suited the bullies purpose.
Addison was the class president after a long campaign that took a lot of work.
Bailey took the car to church against her parents wishes and against their rules.
Remy was feeling depressed lately but things turned around after winning the lotto.
Bailey dropped all her books in the hall going to class. Austin showed Bailey kindness and helped to pick them up.
Remy sent Tracy's words to the contest, and Tracy ended up winning the prize.
Tracy layered the towels at Carson's feet after Carson got out of the tub.
Tracy felt a lump in Austin's back and it concerned her enough that she planned to tell Austin to see the Dr.
Lee listened while their friends criticized someone but didnt agree.  Lee tried to hold back but found they couldnt so they shouted at everyone.
Alex obtained documents for analysis. They knew what to look for.
Sydney complained about the noise and had to run outside with a broom.
Quinn gave them a chance to play the game after they were done.
Carson spot checked the house prior to the guests' arrivals.
Lee got a call from a friend about the accident on the highway.
Sydney provided information to people when they asked for it.
Addison realized the haunted house was very scary and covered Sydney's eyes.
Sydney was playing hide and seek with the kids, so they told Ash to hide somewhere.
Addison narrowed Ash's choices.  Ash was happy that Addison helped them decide on what to do.
Sasha went to a party and brought a big cake with her.
Jesse took his girlfriend out on a nice date to go eat dinner.
Cameron gave the class their snacks. They were hungry and looked happy to be receiving the food.
After Skylar arrived as a new foreign exchange student, Alex made Skylar feel at home.
sasha was overwhelmed at work so she asked lee's mom to help.
Kai needed a ride home but he couldn't wait for the others to come too.
Quinn was trying to let their friend know how they felt. Quinn defined their feelings in simple terms.
Addison's birthday was the following week. Kai got Addison's friends together.
Lee didn't think they had to study and stayed up late playing video games. The next day, they failed the exam.
Ash let the cat inside when it started to get very cold.
At the annual performance of the Nutcracker, Jan performed the dance well.
Alex told his friend that he did not want to go to the store.
Riley's animal would always get in Jesse's yard and annoy them.
Bailey had to take thir mother to the doctor for an annual checkup.
Addison went to a swim meet and met many of their friends there.
Cameron locked the safe behind Taylor and they both went to the park to play ball.
Quinn paid attention to what was said in class in order to pass.
Addison took advantage of the power that they had in order to keep the money.
Casey begged her parents to get her a car for Christmas.
Cameron was playing catch with his dog. Cameron persuaded the dog to give him the ball.
ash thought the woman was the best candidate so he hired her.
After nagging Sasha for an hour about it, Jan finally received Sasha's payment.
Robin begged the people outside because they knew they would give them food.
Lee made sausages for breakfast and it was very good and very big.
Addison met once every week to catch up with her friends.
Kendall was a dog trainer.
Ash was about to step on a venomous snake. Quinn got Ash out of the way by force.
Cameron is new to the school but is very handsome.
Riley returned to the store to return the shirt that didn;t fit him.
Skylar washed Cameron's hair in the sink and then blow dried her hair after.
When Skylar had delivered her last newspaper, she left and went home.
Kai was really scared until her friends came over to comfort her.
Sydney saw that her car was scratched and began raving in the middle of the street.
Quinn was trying out a packed restaurant for dinner. Quinn ended up waiting an hour to eat his meal.
kai was not scared of the dark so he turned the lights off.
Alex was reading an article about a tragedy that happened to a family which he could really relate to.
Taylor had always wanted to travel to Asia before starting college.
Casey got the ball on the field but couldn't throw it. Casey ran it back to the pitcher.
Casey gave his car a second chance to start while the others waited expectantly in the back seat.
Addison let Casey win the game so that she would be happy.
Kai left their mom at home and went to the grocery store and laundromat while they were recovering.
Jordan was wanting a piece of chocolate from the store. Riley satisfied Jordan's wants by giving him some.
Taylor knew how Japanese people slurped their ramen, she ate the food right.
kai wanted to impress ash so he leapt to her feet.
Sydney lost all the money.
After watching her play the piano for a while Carson came towards Sasha to make a request.
Cameron had trouble paying her bills after she was doing poorly at work and got fired.
Cameron gave Robin recognition when they won the game because of the shot Robin took.
Sydney locked herself out of the house when she was rushing to get to work.
Remy needed another dollar because the pie cost more than they thought.
Quinn sent Cameron get well soon flowers at their home address.
Aubrey examined the documents carefully. They opened the envelope to see who it was from.
alex wanted to please bailey so he made sure to get her a dog.
Bailey was accused of a crime he committed, but pointed fingers at someone else instead.
Kendall got straight As and got a big steak dinner for her achievement.
Carson felt contractions because she was very late in pregnancy.
The groceries wouldn't fit in those bags, so Taylor put the groceries another way.
Cameron was busy handing out popcorn to the people at the theater. Cameron told Tracy would take the money.
Bailey provided information to the other members. They were grateful for Bailey's honesty in the matter.
Remy saw the band play and was happy they looked around for concerts in their area.
Ash was having trouble deciding which college to go to. They asked Addison to help narrow the choices down.
Jordan installed a special bell for the cat to ring. Jordan heard his cat at the door.
Addison checked Skylar's car for her phone but was unable to locate their phone.
Remy pleaded bailey's case to the judge at the court.
Ash ran out of her cold medications, and decided to take what was left of Kai's medicine instead.
Jordan heard that Bob had bad mouthed him.  Therefore, Jordan had a word with him.
Casey loves basketball so Tracy gave unto Casey a basketball.
Kendall bought the tickets online in order to save trips going to store.
Robin brought the story of the night she was robbed by the defendant to trial.
Riley turned on Sasha's back after she dropped off school and stopped working.
Jesse lost Jordan's car keys while they were out.
Austin got the book off the shelf and read it aloud to everyone.
Carson bought a brand new cake for their son's birthday and their son loved it.
Last night Kai went to Jan house, Kai really pissed Jan off by trying to get information from him about his new job project.
Kai has a practises every single day, which are really hard and fast paced.
skylar was falling off the clip so lee held out skylar's arms in vain.
Kai fell asleep in class and paid no attention to the teacher.
Taylor had an usual patient that needed dental work and so he saved the patient's anomalous teeth.
Sydney needed extra money. Sydney decided to find a second job.
Jesse had a soft shod that he got rid of because it was worn out.
Everyone wondered who had played the prank, but Alex looked right at Skylar.
Carson gave Riley an idea about how to improve the efficiency of the operation.
Jesse could have gone with the Others camping, but instead played video games with their friends.
Cameron dropped Carson's arms and they fell safely to the ledge below.
Skylar visited Kai's new city after he moved away last year, just like he'd promised to do.
Bailey took his girlfriend out to celebrate their first anniversary together.
Tracy had scuffs on their school shoes. Jordan shined Tracy's shoes for a fair price.
Sydney saw that Ash and Pat wrecked her car. Sydney yelled at Pat and also gave Ash hell.
Alex took up Ash's position after Ash sprained his ankle and couldn't play anymore. Alex was playing for the first time all season.
Aubrey was a super villain and had found out how to make a mind control device that worked on women.
Jesse watched a horror movie on the screen and got a little bit scared.
Kai threw emphasis on the question, because it got to the heart of the matter.
Remy fell asleep on the couch. While Remy was sleeping, Cameron took Remy's phone from their bag and watched a movie.
Bailey watched tv all night rather than studying for an important test.
Jan made Riley become an object to his plan of robbing a store.
jesse was a psychologist and put lee's worries at ease.
Kai got out of the shower and picked her best outfit to go on a date.
Quinn pissed like a racehorse after they drank a lot of beer.
Addison got Quinn a gift at Kai's trademark store for Christmas.
After months of persuasion against fellow competitors, Carson finally won Riley over as a client, even gaining his confidence.
Bailey drove too fast and got a ticket when the cop pulled her over.
Riley started hiking on the weekends off.
Sasha won a lot of money at the lottery but hasn't told anyone yet.
They no longer had the dress in the store, but Aubrey found it online.
Jesse received many different stories in the contest and Jesse published every story.
Taylor changed their mind so that they all voted the same way.
Jesse was using his cell phone while driving and he hit a woman crossing the road. Witnesses called the police.
Addison wanted to start his own business instead, so Addison had stopped working at his job.
Jesse spoke Casey's name so that Casey would wake up and get ready for school.
Kai uttered Sasha's exclamation with perfect accuracy and reciprocation.
Austin noticed his friends were hungry and he shared his cookie with them.
Jesse found their hat in the woods and it was not that dirty from the looks of it.
Skylar was visiting their mother and wanted to play a game together.
Carson was small and played hard with basketball. Finally Carson became a great basketball player.
Alex endured every blow Kurt threw and he got right back up when knocked down.
Casey looked at Quinn with approving eyes when he asked her to the dance.
Austin sung Robin's song in front of everyone but he didn't give her any credit.
riley met carson's expenses so that they could afford to pay their bills.
Cameron placed a soft kiss on their date's lips after getting to know each other.
Lee gave a bonus to his friend who just got a new job with him.
Aubrey ran everyday and got stronger by doing this activity.
After breaking up after a 5 year relationship, for the first time in a long time, Skylar lived without Quinn.
Riley asked robin to return their wallet after finding out they had stolen it.
according to the article Robin bit their finger.
Carson had to leave to work but his parents asked him if he could take her sister ash to school.
Skylar brought the book back at a discount earlier in the week.
Sydney paid a lot of money to book the vacation of her dreams.
Jesse was complaining hip pain. Addison put Jesse's hands on Jesse's hips and pointed out the presence of some kind of mass or bump.
Kai decided to feed Remy's dog a treat when Remy wasn't looking.
Aubrey wanted to visit her cousin that lived a few hours away.
Ash knew that the others wanted to attack him. Ash used his knife for the fight.
Riley played practical jokes on their friends and was thought of as funny.
Jan visited their relatives for the first time in many years and had a good time.
Austin met the client's to drop off paperwork in a timely manner and was very professional.
casey was a nice person so she settled lee's hash for him.
Sasha used to be a great leader until she started drinking and lead her team astray.
Taylor coupled with Remy's interest and they started a business together.
Bailey went to see the circus and loved every minute of it.
Carson received ridicule from others when Carson wore a new pair of sneaker to school.
Jesse needed to buy so they saved up their money for months.
Riley gave Kendall notice that they would be fired if their work didn't improve.
Sydney took a taxi all the way to school.
Hoping that she'd be able to reach the shelf, Lee held out Skylar's arms.
jordan became addicted to drugs in high school so he fell through the cracks.
Sydney struck a blow on Skylar's cheek with the tennis racket accidentally.
Lee went to see his brother Addison about making a plan for their parent's anniversary party.
Carson got their friends together to throw a big party next week.
Tracy took Alex to the mall to get some new clothes.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers over with her bike and Alex was seriously injured as a result.
Taylor got ready for a date and her parents were more excited than Taylor.
Kendall had to move far away from her best friend Bailey, but Kendall vowed to keep in touch with Bailey.
Addison bound the straws together using a rubber band so they wouldn't scatter.
Jesse was invited to a wedding party for a good friend, and the invitation said to dress formally, so Jesse wore high heels.
Casey paid Carson a compliment after Carson showed up to school wearing a brand new outfit.
Remy and Taylor got their bearings before jumping off the diving board.
Kendall got her grade for her Spanish class at school.
Kai decorated their house for the party so that the others could enjoy themselves even more.
Carson's neighbor is crying because their dog never came home last night. Carson thinks they can find the dog if they do some work.
Austin helped Tim when he really needed it so Austin was distinguished as a friend rather than foe.
Tracy played football with her friends in the afternoon after school.
Skylar thought they wanted to live alone but decided they would rather move back to Casey's.
Casey drove around town looking for some excitement and fun.
Robin was a scientist that claimed the rain contained radioactive particles.  Bailey was a government official sent to find information.
casey knew what kendall was going to say so he went ahead and finished kendall's sentence.
Carson had been in the school band for years. Carson played his flute for the school talent show.
Tracy asked Lee to meet the new boss at a fancy new restaurant in town.
Riley governed another town and was elected to another term.
Remy and Quinn fought over a toy, so Remy told Quinn he didn't like her. Remy hurt Quinn's feelings.
Casey studied and prepared all week for her test.
Kendall asked Sydney's friend to dance at the school party in front of everyone.
Remy bought toys for the children at the children's hospital to cheer them up.
Sydney made up Kai's mind when she wouldn't decide about the couch.
Sasha's birthday was coming up and she was so glad that at her new school Sasha made many friends.
Jesse told Cameron to relax so they could have fun watching their movie.
Since there was a race coming up and they needed to practice, Quinn swam back and forth across the pool.
Carson is a salesman at the car dealer. Carson was born with a big mouth. Carson struck another deal with a wealthy woman.
Skylar supported Remy's claimed, even though Skylar knew all the claims were lies.
Carson took their hand in Bailey's garden and found a lot of yummy vegetables to eat that night.
Sydney is always respected by Kai.  They were able to make up Kai's mind.
Quinn was in a serious relationship. They married soon.
Carson skimmed the article and took the shadow for the substance.
Remy was in the army and volunteered for career day at their child's school.
Kendall and her husband were fighting, and Kendall aired their dirty laundry in public.
Sasha took Addison by the arm and pulled her away from the crowd.
Robin took their new car around the neighborhood so she could practice driving.
Austin is a marine biologist who works for Sea World.  He is the primary trainer for two lemon sharks, Jan and Jon.  Lately, Austin has been coming to work drunk and throwing harpoons at the sharks while nobody is looking.  He doesn't hit the sharks, but comes close to try to scare them.  One day, Austin misjudged his aim and accidentally speared Jon killing him.  Having had enough, Jan sees Austin's legs dangling over the side of the water tank and rises to his feet.
Robin surprised their mother with their favorite food and drink for the party.
Skylar spent the day at the beach and got a thick brown tan that looked great.
Tracy gave Remy an expression of disgust when hearing that Remy ate allilgator over the weekend.
Sasha lied to Jordan so Jordan withdrew their support for Sasha at the game.
Taylor pressed Skylars hands on the table to give her comfort.
Skylar ignored Remy's mother's call to them, even though Skylar is their waiter.
ash was a selfish risk taker so she riked jordan's life.
Casey gave the kitten food when it was hungry.
Cameron bought roses for all of her friends on Valentine's Day.
Casey didn't like the feel of women's underwear, so they wore men's underwear instead.
Lee spent an hour with Remy while they were stuck outside waiting on the bus.
Jordan held back tears as best he could but couldn't hold the tears during the saddest scene.
Kai returned to Sydney's land after a long voyage to find new territories.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner and talked with their mouth full of food the whole time.
Skylar spoke to a friend about her past experience at the zoo with her mother.
Jan went to the bar with their friends and had a few cocktails and made some jokes.
Despite have some doubts about her decision, Sasha resigned inside Casey's office.
Kai grew close to them when he visited his grandparents on the farm.
Taylor was upset about a problem they were having. Lee told Taylor how to re-frame the problem into an opportunity.
Sarah wore their seatbelt after learning of the dangers of being in a car accident.
Kai bent every wire in order to get through the gates.
Lee knelt next to Jesse to check on them after getting injured during the football game.
Kendall had been away for months, so Tracy gave her a big hug after finally seeing her.
Sasha couldn't make it to the game because she got sick. Kai got Sasha's tickets instead.
Remy was wrestled Aubrey in the state finals and jerked Aubrey's head back.
Casey drove two hours to see their son in the play.
Jesse and a friend he hadn't seen in years have lunch together.
Robin was too young to remember at that year of age when she lived there.
Addison found Casey's watch around the corner at the store after it had been missing for days.
according to the article Lee pushed their cart through the crowd.
Austin spent money to make his treehouse. That money took them a year to save for.
Because Sydney was in a happy committed relationship, she denied her coworker's love and advances.
Aubrey awaited Cameron's answer when they asked them what happened the other day.
Sydney's bag was too heavy to carry in the airport, so Jordan held on to Sydney's bag for them.
Carson had a lot of work related responsibilities and was alway busy.
sasha was a patient person so she spent an hour waiting.
Kendall told Addison the answer to a question but Kendall doubted them so Addison googled it and proved to Kendall their answer was correct.
Robin was congratulated by the spectator when she scored the goal that won the game.
Lee brought up their children to value a good work ethic.
Jordan persuaded the citizens to vote which impressed everyone around him.
Kendall found nothing of interest in the storage locker they bought.
Kendall wanted to try to expand their repettoire of recipes.
Skylar decided their friends would like their new recipe so invited their friends over for dinner.
Addison took advantage of their parents by asking them for free meals everyday.
Lee helped their friend paint a mural in the school.
Aubrey showed Bailey their appreciation for closing the most new sales that quarter by throwing a office party in honor of Bailey.
Taylor taught children science.  The children seemed to learn fast.
Penelope was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee caught the baby falling off the sofa with one hand and prevented the baby from hurting themselves.
Even though Sydney had only just graduate from medical school, Sydney prevented the virus from spreading and saved the city.
Remy's life was lived fully and with great vigor every day.
Lee wanted some companionship that morning and met with Alex for breakfast.
Cameron really wanted to play basketball so he went outside to the court to play.
Casey broke Cameron's kiss by telling them the news about the war.
Robin expressed interested in Jordan and wanted to ask him out.
Austin began shopping for the party using the list his mother gave him.
Quinn was taking their friend to the hospital after they were in an accident.
Ash paid dividends to the stockholders and it was a nice bonus that day.
When his mother was not watching, Kent bent and ruined every single wire in the jewelry-making section of the craft store.
robin was bit by a bear so sydney took robin to the emergency room.
Bailey wanted something to do and Ash suggested playing basketball.
Kai broke  Casey arm as  he drove hurriedly to his place of work.
Bailey took their son to the doctor's office because they were sick.
The movie was about to start and Sasha wanted to ask a question. Sasha remained quiet so she didn't disturb anyone.
Taylor borrowed money from Casey but they had no money to repay Casey.
Cameron petitioned the government for a new address due to her wanting to set up a tax shelter.
Sydney found a magazine to read at the doctor's office.
Kai got Sasha's tickets for her when Sasha did not have any money.
Austin had been practicing the sport constantly, and Austin finally beat their dad in basketball.
Cameron controlled her anger and came up with a solution.
Tracy even tried a new food though they are very picky about the kinds of food they eat.
Jesse spilled the tea and cleaned it up with paper towels.
Taylor didn't care and decided to blow away the hate.
Riley wanted to be a professional athlete one day. They pursued their interest in sports.
Kendall and Skylar had been good friends for a long time, Kendall always had Skylar's back.
Sasha gave her seats away to Skylar and said sorry for taking them on her.
Aubrey was in a serious car accident and spent 4 weeks in hospital fighting for their life but thankfully Aubrey pulled through.
Aubrey got Bailey's tree from the yard and hauled it off.
Since Sasha's mom had done something kind for Aubrey last week, this week Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch.
Tracy leaved the party after becoming drunk over the amount of alcohol they consumed.
Robin chose her favorite snacks for the sleepover, and took the food to the counter.
Lee hired a tutor to help Carson get better grades in the subject of math.
Jordan scored the winning goal in his hockey game and everyone cheered.
Riley told Taylor they found gold in a pit that no one else knew about.
Carson took their shoes and ran away before they could realize it.
Austin had told Remy he couldn't come over today. Then, Austin reconsidered Remy's decision to come over.
Cameron lived their dream of becoming a very successful doctor in a big hospital.
Alex expected and answer from Robin and she complied immediately.
Jan increased their homework after the school had a bad rating last year.
After practicing for months, the day of the tryout had arrived. Austin was ready to play basketball.
Tracy tried to fix Bailey's hair again, and he pushed her hand away.
Ash opened the gift that she received for her birthday from her mother quickly.
Aubrey tried and got Kendall to go to the dance recital next Wednesday at the town square.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's order and was given positive feedback and a promotion.
Carson wanted to try growing strawberries and took their hand in Bailey's garden.
Sydney was tired of the noisy city. Sydney decided to go camping.
Skylar changed Addison's place in line so she wouldn't have to wait so long.
Addison made a batch of cookies for her daughters class one day.
Riley found Jan lost in the cold woods and resuced her, saving her life.
Tracy played well the guitar this time.
Ash sold Casey's house just in time for her to leave for her new job.
Alex endured every insult, kept their head down, and got through school with being in a fight.
Skylar was determined not to fail another assignment. Skylar continued to work hard at his homework.
Jordan pushed the envelope away from Skylar even though Jordan knew that Skylar was excited to read it.
Known for being a strict no-nonsense judge, Casey did not hesitate to demand that Bailey approach the bench.
Austin found some new friends at the farm and invited them to a party.
Robin was good at what she die at the hospital. Robin detected diseases in patients early on.
Tracy bent Jordan's head and broke Jordan's neck in three places.
Ash made jewelry for a craft fair and sold out quickly.
Kendall made Casey apply at every store in the entire mall.
Kai was going on a date and saw a lot of people in the park.
Tracy thought of ways to win him back when her boyfriend told her he was through.
Kendall went to sleep early so they could get a good start on the next day.
Casey wanted to celebrate Quinn's 40th birthday with a big bash.
Lee was having a good time at the party until he fell down drunk.
Ash wanted to make their apartment feel more modern.
Casey got the ground wet and decided they would clean it later in the day.
Sasha played catch with Addison's dad.
By offering free tests at the clinic, Sydney prevented HIV from spreading.
Cameron waved her hand to Casey when Cameron saw Casey at the restaurant unexpectedly.
After a long romantic date, Lee rested his head upon Alex's shoulder.
sasha expected riley to attack after they leveled an insult at riley.
remy was a military commander so he would be on kendall's first trip abroad.
Jordan found Jan's item.
A Dad who wanted to save money on groceries and who wanted to use as many coupons as possible.
Carson Kendall an official edict to vacate her withering old family home.
Carson started dating Aubrey after a very bad breakup left him sick.
Bailey left her house to go to work.
Ash came across Alex to buckle his seat belt.
Remy and Alex had gone to the beach for a vacation.
Jesse told his mom Sasha had the flu so that they could avoid their play time with Sasha.
Casey was on the volleyball team and it was her turn to serve. Casey got the ball and served their turn.
Casey filled their grandmother Sydney's heart with  joy in the days before her death.
Quinn made trouble in Robin's life because Quinn hated Robin after what they did.
Quinn needs to convince everyone that their plan will still work.
Remy had an important test at school. They arrived early.
Riley established close ties in the areas that she had lived over the many years she traveled in the military.
As she was moving across the country, Sasha gave Robin her address.
Riley had a big science exam and decided they would study a lot and do their best.
Skylar went fishing with Addison's dad. They had a good time and caught a lot of fish.
Lee taught Aubrey how to play the guitar yesterday.
Lee was about to dive off a pier when Sydney saw it was shallow. Sydney pulled him back and saved Lee's skin.
Bailey traveled to the US on vacation for the summer. As summer neared to an end, Bailey decided it was time to return to their own country.
Quinn made a long story short and told about the events.
Sydney found a magazine to read at the doctor's office.
Aubrey built a motor for her car and installed it herself with no help.
Addison lost her list for the grocery store and has looked everywhere for it.
Alex wore their new shoes to the basketball game and it helped their performance.
It was very difficult but Tracy learnt Aubrey's language in a week.
Casey bought candy in the store and shared it with all of her friends.
Robin gave their niece money in the mail for their birthday.
addison was the best doctor so he improved the health of his patients.
Alex got a ticket on the way home from church.
Ash brought Lee's family a gift for Christmas not knowing that they didn't celebrate Christmas.
Sydney got Addison's lunch at school through bullying, until the day the teachers stopped it.
carson was angry at how he was treated so he gave addison a piece of their mind.
Austin ate all Cameron's food from the fridge even though it was clearly labeled.
Julian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron used Sydney's water well because her water well was not working at the moment.
Robin avenged their father's wrongdoing by paying the victim a hefty sum of cash.
Because Alex agreed to babysit his niece, he put her to bed at her normal bedtime.
Cameron hugged Quinn's mom when she opened the door and smiled at Cameron.
Cameron wrote the story.  They had a lot of followers.
Remy joined the marching band to play a flute during the big game.
Cameron drove the car to the park with their friends and the crashed under a pavilion.
Quinn took dessert away from Jesse since she was on a new diet.
Casey fought another person in the streets and the violent disturbed everyone.
Bailey was trying do intermittent sleeping to increase productivity. They took a nap everyday.
Sasha had the sweater for many years but not Sasha no longer wanted it.
Aubrey turned the tv on and was deciding what to watch.
Quinn gave Alex the head statue that Alex's dad had gotten them from the last game they went to.
Jesse looked the part in the play they were putting on.
Sydney took Kai out to lunch at their favorite restaurant.
Casey discovered the philosopher's secret and was writing an article about it.
Austin went to a party with their friends and got drunk.
Cameron found a new job and was really proud of it.
carson became school principle so he carried the rule into effect.
Cameron has really gone downhill lately. No one can trust him. Cameron took the money from the office at his job.
Jan cried with joy. She couldn't believe she won this much on a lottery ticket.
Riley had a big science exam and decided they would study a lot and do their best.
Ash was away on a trip and Sasha hadn't seen them for weeks.
Kendall and Robin danced at the party they were at one night.
Bailey talked to oneself about the issues, and figured out a solution without external help.
Cameron told someone to get out and they punched them in the face.
Alex led with his chin despite others warnings against it.
Ash paid their maid a lot of money cause she did a great job.
Robin and their friends shop around a busy store. Robin takes all the items they want to the counter and waits in line.
Aubrey had lost 200 dollars after drinking at Addison's. She looked the next day and found it with Addison's help.
Riley was going to a picnic with a lot of friends.
Addison accidentally dropped it in the pool that day.
Austin left his keys at Quinn's house. Quinn gave the keys to Austin's parents when he dropped them off.
Carson supported every cause that she came across.
Remy's mother baked a pie meant for the whole family and Remy ate the whole thing alone.
A customer brought their car in to Cameron's shop because it had a flat. Cameron fixed the flat tire.
Carson got into his friend's camouflage jeep and went hunting with the friend who owned it, Skylar.
Austin helped Lee move into their new home and helped them decorate it.
Ash was a no bars hold kind of gal, she asked Casey anything in the interview.
Kai went a long way to get what they wanted, even though it took a long time.
Sasha was attracted to Aubrey and interested in dating her.
alex was bored so he built forts in his backyard.
Taylor hoped they would find their friends when they went to the store with others.
Robin ordered the pizza for the party tonight.
Jan divided the map into districts for the election that benefited Jan over other candidates.
Because Carson had his partner to cover for him, he started work late last night.
Cameron was playing video games for days in end and even forgot to eat or sleep.
Quinn waited an hour for food after ordering take out and was convinced they forgot his order.
Carson kept hold of the number.  They did not want to lose it.
Taylor gave their daughter an allowance and it was a few more bucks than last time.
Riley just had a new baby. Riley gave their baby a name and it was James.
Alex was on a walk with his dog and saw a big snake. He ran away scared.
Alex never washed his clothes and his friend finally told him the truth about it.
Alex wandered away. Alex never came back. Nobody ever knew what became of them.
As part of his new job training, Lee learned how to separate the corn from the chaff so they could use each individually.
Robin knew that the local cafe would give their food to the people who really need it.
Cameron was in the bird aviary and he put out his hand with bird seed for the red bird.
Skylar made Addison do the science experiment to teach them the science.
Lee packed Jesse's suitcase with everything he needed and got ready to wake him up.
Remy had nothing to do with the price of fish even though everyone was convinced remy sets the prices.
Taylor started toward robin and appeared to want to fight with robin.
Jesse got in the car and went to the mall with her new friends.
Remy got a new job so he went and purchased a new car to get around.
Cameron announced Kendall's arrival at the party they were at.
Lee was practicing to be a clown. They really wanted to do balloon animals, so Lee got a balloon to practice with.
Quinn cleaned the dishes while listening to rock music.
Riley was a dog they got from the shelter. Alex was nervous to meet the dog and offered it a treat. Riley ate out of Alex's hand.
Sydney also gave Ash a present while giving away Christmas gifts to kids there.
Tracy was going to win a big prize but dropped the ball and had to settle for second place.
Kai developed more of Skylar's approach because Skylar was feeling rushed and needed help.
Robin saw Taylor all the time after school. They were best friends.
Because their battery died and the roads were covered with snow Carson was an hour late for work.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from their job at Walmart.
Aubrey was a bully. They took Robin's money.
Kai was being rude and pissed Jan off during an argument.
Quinn required Alex's effort to complete the mission. It would be a hard sell, but Quinn was confident that Alex would accept the assignment after careful persuasion. After all, Alex had been successful in the past and they enjoyed working together.
Skylar loved Bailey in return after all their time spent together.
sasha was a hard worker so she put forth effort.
Ash went home as the champion of the Olympics after it ended.
Kai asked Aubrey out on a date but he only saw her as a friend,.
Remy made popcorn on the stove before the movie started.
It was late at night and Jordan was sad, so he started drinking.
Ash went to his friend's house for Christmas to get some food that he wanted.
After the big blow-up, Austin left in a huff and never looked back.
Casey wanted to win an argument. She was able to maintain her power.
Robin was watching the art gallery and expressed her sense of ultimate pleasure.
Ash left the country to go on vacation with their friends.
quinn fell out of the treehouse, so she climbed back up.
Skylar spent a week at home because she was very sick and unable to move.
Jesse was concerned for his pet, Casey, and rattled the cage.
Quinn was a wrestler.  They put their foot down upon their opponent's neck.
Jordan was a fashion designer and was preparing a show.
Alex called the school to let them know his son was staying home sick.
Addison told their friend to meet them in the front of the stadium area.
The Others were in battle with Alex when suddenly a giant ogre came to help Alex and they defeated every person the Others sent in to fight. The Others were nervous and looked at the doors.
Austin played a game in the world championships and they unfortunately messed up making their team lose.
Kendall tried to stop her addiction to coffee.
Jordan turned the oven off after they got done baking the pizza for supper.
Tracy finally made it for the other person because Tracy wanted them to be happy.
Cameron asked Casey to write the report they needed for the work budget.
Ash woke up with a headache and a high fever. She was worried she had the flu.
Layla was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Casey could tell that asking Jon about his job upset him so she stopped asking about it.
As if on impulse, Carson kissed Aubrey back then sheepishly looked the other way.
Kai gave people food at the homeless shelter there.
Austin read aloud the book to the children assembled before them.
Addison and Casey decided to go to their stylist together but Casey was attended to first.
Cameron took a nap lying down on the back seat of a bus.
Skylar took Casey to disneyland and they got to ride the rides.
Casey watched their facial expressions change from shocked to happy during the film.
Robin won the lottery so she gave her friends money.
Scarlett was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Taylor gave Alex something to help with his headache so that he could study.
Because the relatives next door answered the door and had a car,  Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a ride home.
Jesse went crazy last week and sold all of his collectibles.
Addison made Austin act silly because they wanted to have fun.
Jesse sang a lot at the concert and he ended up losing his voice.
Ash tried Addison's hardest problem on the math homework and solved it after hours.
Jordan stole something from their friend and then felt bad about it.
Kai had Bailey captured and bound her to keep her from escaping.
Because it was a rainy day, Sydney invited their friend over to play a bunch of board games.
Aubrey educated their children on the dangers of talking to strangers.
Sasha required Taylor's amount of the bill at the restaurant.
Jesse was at home with their family, and Jesse called them all into the living room.
Sasha played catch with her dad in the front yard to practice for the game.
Ash gave Jan an opportunity for a promotion at work after she created a good project.
austin was bored so he decided to get a haircut.
Aubrey had been dealing with an addiction problem for years. Aubrey finally got quality treatment.
Kai broke Jordan's figurine that was in their bathroom. Kai wanted to tell Jordan.
Cameron had picked vegetables out of their garden and used the fresh vegetables to make dinner.
Jordan found the right book that Taylor was looking for.
Kai had just gotten married and was moving into a new house in the suburbs.
Robin hugged their friend and told them that everything would work out.
Jesse wore sneakers to the prom instead of dress shoes.
Lee knew everyone at the party. They talked to each of them .
Tracy visited Canada to meet her cousin's new baby and see her grandfather.
Taylor's family urged her to receive help, so Taylor got more counseling.
Jordan spit at the dummy because the look on it's face was disgusting.
After almost falling asleep behind the wheel, Aubrey decided to pull over.
Riley laid down next to her and rubbed the back of Aubrey's neck.
Carson found a pool nearby and went for a long swim.
Addison worked really hard and practiced every day. Addison made it to the championship.
Aubrey caught the ball and turned towards the others to see who was open for a pass.
Sydney got Kai to make up their mind on what to have for dinner that night.
Carson took the shadow for the substance as part of the substance, making it look bigger.
taylor thought his dog needed some company when he was at work so he got another dog.
Taylor was always a playful dog, but sometimes he took it to far, when Alex's hand came near Taylor reached and bit it.
Taylor drove their friends away for a long vacation at the beach.
Sasha slept all night long after a 2 day marathon shift at the office spent working on a project.
Quinn told Robin mean things in an effort to intentionally hurt Robin's feelings.
Quinn got Remy up to speed since Remy was new at the job.
Kai got a notice that his apartment building was being fumigated next week.
Skylar saved their father's watch so they could pass it down to their child one day.
kai was a normal man living in a city and had a dog named sasha.
Addison mowed Robin's lawn while Robin was visiting family in another state.
Sydney sent their resume to a good company and landed an interview for their dream job.
Aubrey filled Riley's tank all the way to the top for a few bucks.
Addison put Kendall's plan into action and was excited to bring Kendall her share of the profits.
Jan gave Bailey space when they needed it to let them think.
Addison's fish died recently and Addison wanted to buy a replacement.
Jordan helped Riley find her way back to the start.
Remy passed the other car quickly since they had a much faster car.
Kai rung the doorbell to see if anyone was at home to sign for the package.
Robin was in a quiet library over by the window. Robin let loose a big fart.
Riley too clothes to the shelter and donated money as well.
aubrey arranged for alex to have an interview with a famous reporter on television.
Jesse pulled punches when they needed a hand moving things around the house.
Jan learnt how to dance the tango by watching videos and practicing at home.
Bailey was shocked at the revenge Robin took and let it get to them personally.
carson was a good man so he invited bailey's friend addison over.
Robin leaved Aubrey soon to go to an important business trip for a week.
Quinn gave Bailey the best shirt  of his favorite singer for his eighteen birthday.
Kai wrote a letter to a girl he liked telling her he liked her a lot.
Skylar was very confident while playing darts. Skylar challenged her brother to a game.
Sydney treated themselves to a splurge, but they also gave Ash a present.
Robin preached at a revival. Robin called them to repentance.
Taylor saved the patient from dying of an infection in the pancreas.
Jordan is offered help on the project by their coworkers. Jordan has it under control and thanks them.
Quinn met a new man at work and hit it off well with him.
The food was almost all gone except for a few old sandwiches, but since he had not eaten since yesterday, Skylar wanted anything.
Skylar bought a watch for his best friend and they liked it a lot.
Cameron had just lost her mom and Quinn was sad for her. Quinn sent Cameron some flowers.
Alex was supposed to meet a friend for lunch. Alex realizes they are late.
lee was in a boat and saw a ghost in the water.
Tracy played football with their friends and had a great time.
Kendall brought the crowd under control by singing a funny song about life and friends.
Remy was cleaning out Jordan's garage and found a nest of birds.
Skylar died Casey's hair blue and gave her an asymmetrical bob cut.
Jordan practiced for months and then ran a gauntlet and won.
Ash rode a bike everyday to keep the weight off he had lost.
Sasha gave her coworker the money that they owed because the coworker was getting impatient.
Even though they were working on a tight deadline, Jan performed the job well.
Sydney had a lot of work to do but was dedicated to getting the job done.
Casey was involved in a lot of drama, and played a large part in causing the drama.
Remy was performing for some people at their house. Remy began playing.
Jan used Lee's laptop to search for jobs on a local job board.
It was getting late out and Austin wanted to go home from the park.
After she went to the beach and the woods, Robin found her way back home.
Skylar finally got a job with the federal government.
Alex received a letter from the Government about how to pay your taxes on time.
Bailey went across the street.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money trying to bet on a risky business in technology.
Austin walked home one night alone despite being terribly afraid of the dark.
Carson knew that Sasha was stressed and having a terrible time so Carson resolved all Sasha's financial problems.
Quinn tried hard to not faint after seeing that blood had gotten on his hands.
Azula set a difficult task for Jan, but she performed the task well.
It was his 16th birthday, so Bailey gave a present to their son: a brand new car.
Sydney also gave Ash a compliment about their new hair cut.
Jesse asked if Sasha liked the movie after they walked outside to the car.
the room was too dark for them to see the pictures clearly,Jesse held the curtain for them.
Bailey invited all of Kai's friends to dinner after the movie was done.
cameron provided tracy's income so that tracy could focus on their hobbies.
Isabelle was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Elizabeth was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jesse played Jan's foil in politics when he exposed the campaign finance violation.
When Aubrey noticed their dog, Lee, was being bad, they swiftly put them outside and shouted exclamations and curse words for their actions.
Taylor stopped talking about what happened that night.
Riley began eating pizza and then realized he had forgotten his drink in the kitchen.
Austin's toy broke so he tried to return it to get his money back.
Austin suddenly saw the light when the teacher explained the equation.
Alex was always the fixer of the group, as such she quickly remedied the situation.
Robin was dating multiple people for a year and was starting to wonder if she should settle down with one.
Sasha developed Austin's attitude by haning out with Austin a lot and learning from him.
Casey went back years and now she can't remember.
Aubrey needed help with moving, so Alex packed Aubrey's car.
Kendall was wanted by the police for a robbery. Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the authorities.
Jordan found Jan's sling back heels and brought them to her.
Jesse sent their son to school and the others were thankful for the help.
Casey broke the iPod, and therefore, Casey cost Jan many dollars.
Riley changed colors in her design for her poster she was making.
Alex ran all the way home and cried the whole way.
Ash went home on the scenic route to enjoy the sunny weather.
Jesse was a thief and one night he held up Kai and took what was in Kai's hands.
Skylar was brave and was able to save his father's bacon.
Lee decided to clean the grill before putting steaks on it to cook.
Taylor asked the librarian about a book she needed for an assignment.
Tracy sat with Quinn and their  friends at lunch at talked the entire time.
Quinn was tired of Jeremy berating her for everything she did.
Lee met Casey's expectations when they arrived at the new golf store.
After many years of struggling to understand and deal with her family issues, Sasha finally felt closure.
Cameron was very hungry after a long day and ate pizza for dinner.
Skylar swept Addison off their feet by telling her about the big promotion she got that day.
Kendall kept talking forever, so her best friend pointed out she needs to listen and react more.
Skylar just started playing soccer for the first time. Skylar was quite good at it.
Bailey threw things because they got so mad that they could not speak any more.
Quinn had been rushing to get to work on time and had not had any breakfast and unfortunately they had to skip lunch due to a meeting running on so by hometime Quinn felt faint due to lack of food.
Taylor finished the operation but also saved the patient's pancreas after it was over.
Bailey invited all of Kai's friends to the hotel and they ended up trashing the room but Bailey did not care.
Jesse brought his dog to Casey's house party, unaware that Casey was severely allergic to dogs resulting in anaphylactic shock.
Sasha asserted one's liberties about the freedom to express yourself in public.
Cameron was upset that his girlfriend wouldn't go with him. Cameron drove away angry.
Cameron was older and more experienced than Quinn. Cameron gave Quinn a couple words of advice.
Remy asked Jordan if he wanted to go to a party with him.
aubrey was a avid reader so he just finished reading lee's paper.
Alex broke her leg in two places and had to have several surgeries to repair it.
Jesse thanked Bailey's mom for Bailey's support. It meant the world to them.
kai was a good person so he brought home alex's laptop.
Lee felt very guilty about the accident that he repeatedly apologized for it.
Alex got a sleeve tattoo but because it was so big he had to schedule a second appointment.
cameron shared the terrible secret and made bailey's jaw drop with the reveal.
Even though he thought he would be better off making the dinner on his own, Having Jesse served Riley well.
remy was a generous person so he put change in my wallet.
Tyler was called to give his presentation so he stood up and started to address the class?\.
Taylor stood next to her crush even though he didn't know her feelings.
Remy went wild at the beach when she drank a whole fifth of whiskey.
Aubrey educated their children against judging other besides how the act.
Aubrey came to Tracy's  office to try to pick Tracy's brain for more knowledge.
Lee bought a new umbrella cause the rainy part of the year was upon him.
Jan went to the bank and took some cash out for a friend named Lee.
taylor used working out to gain confidence and a healthier lifestyle for themselves.
Lee wanted to attend the school during the summer to make up credits.
After much practice Austin finally wrote their first sentence in cursive. Austin dotted the is and crossed the ts and sat back.
Kai bought a Kindle from Amazon and used it all of the time.
Skylar came home on leave after serving overseas for months.
Robin gave the homeless man a one dollar bill as she walked by him on her way to work.
Addison was very bored during one long late summer day, having no idea how to pass the time.
kendall worked very slow but in the end she got the job done.
Jordan had a day off work with nothing to do and wanted to be entertained.
Lee had a fun day playing many games in the big park that day.
Skylar divided students into classes depending upon their skill level.
Riley hit a parked car. he then drove away without noticing the other car had occupants.
Jesse finally got hired for his dream job, so Jesse called all his friends to share the news.
Lee got a high rank promotion at their job.
Tracy held out the gift and told Jan to take it since it was her birthday.
Lee brought the car to work and got a ton of compliments about the new paint job.
Sydney regretted Taylor's decision but was relieved when it turned out well.
Kendall put it into perspective so that everybody else could easily understand.
Cameron was cold so they wore sweaters more times than not.
Carson ended up breaking his word to his friend when he cheated on the promise.
Since the store was about to close, and Aubrey wanted to try out a bunch of outfits, Aubrey quickly changed outfits.
Kendall made Casey an application for the job they hoped to get.
Jesse was glad that he had finished for the day.
Ash kept Casey's eye on him. He could not be trusted.
Remy was done eating, so Sydney took the dirty dishes to the disposal.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants up. Tracy turned a little red in the face and then laughed.
Robin let loose a big laugh at the very inappropriate joke that was told.
Robin had an English test tomorrow morning and had plenty of time to prepare but she didn't study very much.
Quinn put out a fire because it was starting to get smoke in other people's areas.
Austin had left Carson for another lover.
Robin felt their oats to see if they were too wet to feed to the horses.
Kai's old phone was ok but they liked new, flashier but expensive models.
Robin gave the beggar money out of their wallet, despite protests from their partner.
Casey is excited for taco tuesday at school lunch but the line is extremely long, so he cut in line.
Quinn spoke Sasha's language so she could translate for her friends.
Remy invited Aubrey's friend over for some tea and a big batch of cookies.
Jordan found Jan's slick backpack and returned it to Jan.
Sydney made it special for him and couldn't wait to see the look on his face when he opened it.
Bailey opened the door and let their dog outside. While out there, Bailey's neighbors were grilling food next door. The smell was delicious and potent.
Tracy asked Skylar for help, and Tracy instantly obeyed Skylar's order.
Jan looked for a new employee for months. Austin applied and she gave him a job immediately.
Austin washed Kendall's sheets because they had to be washed.
Jordan is unable to have their own baby.  Therefore, Jordan adopted a baby.
After taking swimming lessons at the YMCA, Bailey learned how to swim.
Riley's sister had a baby. Riley visited his nephew for the first time.
Jordan made some cookies and ate them while other people were watching.
Jesse gave Lee's girlfriend a kiss despite Lee expressing negative feelings about it.
Quinn pressed her hands together and pray to the lord that her life can stop being so depressing.
Cameron looked at Tracy's wife.  They were in love with the wife.
Skylar wasn't sure what they wanted to do with their life. Skylar finally found their place in the world.
Sasha hiked, fished, and camped and enjoyed many outdoor activities.
Cameron went on a blind date set up by a friend but when they got there they realised that Cameron was much older than the date.
Addison was working on a project and asked to borrow a hammer from their friend Jack.
Alex was an inventor who had worked hard to devise a new product.
Alex was using flashcards in order to pass their test. Alex also read.
Riley cashed Sasha's check after Sasha brought it to the counter.
Casey ties both of the shoestrings of Sasha's two tennis shoes together.
Kai was upset at a child who took his art project. Kai pushed a child on the ground.
Taylor thought it was time for the toddler to stop going in his diaper, so he potty trained him.
Skylar had to meet a deadline at work and worked very hard all day trying to meet the deadline.
Ash was driving their car on the highway and stopped to help someone whose car had broken down.
Aubrey said that they wanted to make a lamp for their mother for Chistmas.
Sydney grabbed Austin and read Austin the riot act as they cuffed them.
After deciding to lose some weight, Addison went for a walk in the park early in the morning.
Quinn had too much to drink which was unusual for them.
Taylor didn't notice the large deposit that his mom made into his account.
Sydney shot the ball in the goal. Sydney scored the winning goal for the team.
Ash pushed the boy into the pool for what he thought was a harmless practical joke.
Tracy had been working out and was dehydrated and exhausted from effort.
Tracy took out the garbage and then started to clean the kitchen.
Jesse set Addison in motion on her new bike as he ran along side her.
Joshua was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Carson received gifts from the other members and he smiled at their generous thoughtfulness.
robin was a generous person so she provided shelter for kendall's childrens.
Tracy was being lazy and didn't want to do much. Tracy forced their work upon Ash.
Kendall gave Taylor's flowers to them to show both of their appreciation.
After seeing Lee struggle, Alex rolled up their sleeves.
Ash justified the answer to why he committed the robbery to men in the justice system.
Taylor grabbed Skylar's hands and pressed them together while they talked.
Jan just moved into an apartment and needed help. Cameron came and moved Jan's furniture for her.
Quinn told Robin mean things about her new dress.
Robin conducted Jesse's affairs as her private secretary.
Having promised her best friend, Kendall tried hard to keep the secret.
Remy wanted a new relaxing activity, so Remy started reading.
Bailey was a great success at school where she earned perfect grades.
Tracy donated her items to her poor friend, but when she came to visit her, she saw that her items are gathering dust.
Bailey was seen at a party kissing another boy. Soon after lying about it, Bailey got dumped by their boyfriend.
Kendall made Casey an application for the job nearby.
Remy was a business executive. He held Skylar's meetings while she was out of town.
Sydney was really excited for the concert and paid a lot of money for the tickets.
Ash used a model to represent it in his effort to make sure all of the others understood.
Casey crashed her old car and so she had to get a new one.
Bailey would make it up after knowing the suffer of the opponent.
Lee is Ash's mother.  Ash started to sound like Lee.
Addison put Kendall's plan into action after Addison did a through analysis and designed the plan.
Kai grabbed Casey's purse before it hit the floor of the messy bus.
Jordan called their grandparents after the car broke down on the highway.
Jesse nickled and dimed things because they needed to save money to survive.
Lee told the man that he did not want to go to the ocean due to a sunburn.
Austin got Sasha money for her anniversary because they didn't know what else to gift her.
Jordan gave them something. He wasn't sure how they would respond.
Sydney turned red with anger as she was being made fun of.
Aubrey is signing autographs outside their hotel. Aubrey asks security to push back the crowd. The security is beginning to get over run.
Austin got Sasha money because they had finally saved up enough from working their job.
Sydney took to their bed after days of feelings too ill to work.
Jesse made Remy really happy when they cooked them their favorite lunch.
tracy was a bad influence so she came under bailey's observation.
Jordan created some art work all by himself and decided to put the art on the market.
Sasha went to bed instead of staying up late as per the usual.
Sydney turned every chair around looking for his lost keys near the table.
Taylor loved gymnastics. Taylor had been a gymnast for many years.
carson liked doing favors so he checked sasha's mailbox for her.
When I bent down to pet Carson, Carson happily licked my face.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers down their arm in an intimate and private way.
After her friends invited her out for a night of fun, Addison line danced.
Sydney did good on their test and got a good grade on it from the teacher.
kendall was all about safety so she prevented an accident from happening.
Kendall exercised their right to freedom of speech and said their views to the crowd.
Robin introduced them to the class of 2019 at the high school.
Carson sent all of Tracy's clothes to college because she forgot them all.
Robin called her daughter in order to make sure they were safe.
Aubrey asked Cameron a question during class and awaited Cameron's response.
Cameron went on the rides toward workplace despite the weather condition was getting worse.
Casey was diagnosed with cancer, so she cried and ate some delicious ice cream.
Sydney tried their best to do good on the test they had.
Taylor started to get better after a long time illness.
Addison took my book a long time ago for the art class.
Quinn walked around town to get her exercise in for the day.
Jordan threw the door open and confronted the burglar.
Carson stole the money. He didn't think he would get caught but he did.
Austin made reservations today for his favorite restaurant.
Cameron was showing Quinn what a sign meant. Cameron showed Quinn a sign.
Taylor made Quinn frustrated when they kept making silly jokes about them.
Alex had a list of chores to do but wanted to relax instead so Alex told their sister to do the chores instead.
Riley didn't want to date so they destroyed other men's hopes.
Skylar had Austin's name changed to help protect him.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai but was afraid to let him know.
Skylar gave Taylor a hint about what had happened.
Kendall said something to her friend about her bullying after school.
Carson was in a silly mood and filled Cameron's shoes with glue.
Addison took part in the struggle to make a great product. They put in extra hours.
Addison provided Kendall the correct answer on the math examination.
Casey came home late after going out with her friends.
Alex stopped to get a sandwich at the rustic sandwich parlor.
Alex came into Cameron's life at a time when they both needed a companion.
Lee went to a lecture on how to cook food because he did not know.
Bailey saw the man's lack of righteousness and was unimpressed and unwilling to befriend him at all.
Carson sold the car he had been driving for years, and the first car he ever drove.
Jan needed to go quick to the bathroom because she had an accident.
Taylor changed their last name to that of her new husbands'.
Carson went right back to her after she cheated on him for the third time.
Austin was controlled by Jesse's subconscious and couldn't do things on his own.
Remy ran through Aubrey's mind all day long after seeing him at the store yeseterday.
Robin Gave Jordan something to understand so she could study harder.
Alex bought Bailey a new living room set for the home they just bought.
Cameron took out a loan from the bank to purchase a car, and paid the bank back on time.
Addison found images online to use for her project.
Kai has been feeling relieved after seeing the doctor for their annual checkup.
Kendall improved Kai's lot in life by getting them a high paying job in a nice part of town.
Tracy had a long vacation.  Therefore, they stayed here for a few more days.
Quinn brought Austin's lunch so that they could eat lunch together.
Jesse poured another drink.
Alex pulled into the parking lot and parked his car.
Ash ran another mile and hardly broke a sweat due to superior physical conditioning.
Sasha sent a package Jesse's way, after Jesse said they needed some fresh supplies.
Quinn waited an hour after work for John to get off so they could go home together.
Ash packed up Jordan's stuff and made sure everything was there for the trip.
Jesse was kind enough to feed Alex's cat every day for two weeks while Alex was away on vacation.
Remy saw the band last night despite the fact that Remy knew that the cost of the ticket was a rip off.
Cameron laid Jesse's head on the table, he is a doctor and is worried about the concussion that she has.
Lee made Carson his wife after dating her for years.
Quinn changed the sheets two times because the stain wouldn't come out from last week.
Austin touched Riley's arm and Riley jumped away, glaring at him.
Syndey gave Jesse's friend candy that she received during halloween.
Lee pushed his way through the crowd so he could get to the front with his friends.
Austin called a friend to consider their options since they had two good job offers.
Jan wanted to go to the store and get some items for their pantry.
Madison was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
The entire office was throwing a go away party for a co-worker and Kai ordered a large cake. When it arrived, Kai sent his assistant to help.
Alex let it go when they were tired of arguing with people.
Skylar was getting a ride to work so she put gas in Ash's car.
Skylar talked Remy into returning so they could hang out.
Kendall asked Sydney's friend if they would both like to come to her party.
Bailey told Jesse's fortune, and unfortunately, it was full of bad news and negative predictions.
Austin waited their turn in line to have a go on the roller coaster ride.
After hearing very interesting noises coming out of her roommates bedroom, Bailey slowly opened and peeked inside the door.
Aubrey went to the home improvement store when her front window was cracked by a ball.
Tracy moved Alex's arm on top of her head to have some fun.
Lee was excited that he was the winner of raffle drawing for a new television. Lee gathered a meeting to discuss the good news.
Austin felt sick for hours after riding just one roller coaster.
Skylar talked to the man who also waited at the bus stop.
Lee had a lot to say so he frequently talked too much.
Sasha met the country's ambassador and had a big lunch that day for an hour.
Jordan took her daughter to the circus after she said that's what she wanted to do for her tenth birthday.
Sasha asked Kendall to pay the cable bill because of an unexpected expense.
Lee was hungry after a long night at work so they ate Alex's breakfast.
The summer holidays were finally over and Robin started school again today.
Riley got a lot of money by working very hard for a few years.
Cameron was hungry but Addison was in the shower so Cameron checked Addison's fridge.
Sydney kept Lee apart from them after Lee was shouting curses in their direction.
Jordan found Jan's keys out back behind the shed they were playing behind earlier.
Riley dipped Austin's head in water because Austin was feeling hot and asked for it.
Sasha was riding Austin's bike when they crashed into a tree and got hurt.
Jesse's car ran out of gas, so Jesse walked to the gas station nearby.
Taylor was on a movie date with Alex, but Alex was not showing any interest.
Riley prepared for the reception by checking with all of the merchants involved.
Skylar was new at school and was paired up with a buddy. She followed Cameron around school the first few days.
Riley told him what Jan wanted to get for their birthday.
Kai was keeping in touch with their family. Kai wrote a letter.
Kendall impressed upon Remy how important it was to be truthful about everything.
Ash got Jordan one hotdog and a soda to drink from the store.
Alex put Tracy to bed and then left for good.
Austin traced back his footsteps but did not find his wallet yet.
Addison chose to hire Kendall to decorate after she bought a new house.
Skylar changed the decor of Addison's restaurant to be more modern.
Kendall met Robin's family after they had been dating six month.
Sydney was helping Taylor get dressed for school. Sydney slid Taylor's hands into the mittens.
Kendall was in a rush and after saying hi brushed past Taylor.
Sydney did an excellent job today and her boss told everyone how great it was.
Remy's friends asked for kisses from them. Remy gave kisses to their friends.
Robin recently had an operation and had been recouperating at home.  Robin decided to go out for a walk but quickly became tired.
Alex lives in Casey's area but really doesn't like Casey at all.
Since Cameron loved the show so much, they bought every copy.
Aubrey was tired of dealing with it so she threw dirt on the subject.
Addison finally got to see her best friend Robin after 5 whole years apart.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan after Jan barged into Skylar's home wielding a weapon.
Jordan learned the song by heart after listening to it on the radio every day.
Robin wasn't sure if they liked the outfit so they asked Kai for a second opinion.
Lee was really bad at the game even though he tried.
Although Austin agreed to go see the new movie with his friends, Austin had never heard of the movie before.
Jordan reproduced the theory in this book about stochastic dynamics of modern fluid systems.
Every month, Kendall saved extra money to make sure she could maintain her new house.
Cameron saw Lee's father and asked how Lee was doing.
Sasha saved the mother's eggs so that they could be incubated in a farm.
Carson didn't want their old jacket anymore, so Remy sold Carson's jacket at a reasonable price.
Lee was finally litter trained and used the litter box every week.
Casey never gave Cameron slack when Cameron tried to do new things at work.
Carson was having a hard day after work, so when they had dinner, Quinn put their arm around Carson for comfort.
Alex had the last laugh by getting Carl arrested for his pranks.
Addison scheduled Casey to attend the show in the city in the evening.
Sasha fixed Taylor's tire when Taylor got a flat.
Kai used binoculars to watch them up close through their bedroom window.
Quinn obtained an audience for Aubrey, so they would have someone to watch their play.
Sydney invited their friend over to meet some of Sydney's other friends.
Ash had asked Jesse if he could borrow his dad's wallet when he went out. Ash left Jesse's father's wallet at the bar that night.
Robin wanted to give her new neighbors a housewarming gift, so Robin made sugar cookies.
Sasha went all the way back home to the their glove for the baseball game.
jesse was a teacher so he corrected casey's error.
Jan wanted to make breakfast before going to work.
Sasha told Quinn they were going to a new city the next year.
Sasha's hair was going all over the place. Sasha put their hair in a bow.
Quinn knew Lee well but wanted to become more than friends.
Robin was trying to clean when a little rubber ball went rolling out of the toy box.
Carson beat the bishop to death with a baseball bat.
cameron saw his son molesting a little girl so he killed his son.
Aubrey went to a baseball game and got to meet some players. Aubrey was able to get autographs of favorite players.
Kendall quit the team in frustration, after she missed a practice and wasn't allowed to play in the next game.
Jordan to Sasha far to get to the place they were going to hike at.
Austin enjoys staying home playing Xbox, PlayStation, and on his computer. Austin enjoys playing the game in the world.
Riley threw uncertainty upon the subject to confuse all the people.
Kendall tried to stop the robbery but got knocked out and woke up a few hours later.
Ash got Cameron's mom a valentines card, so Ash's mom wouldn't feel left out.
Bailey gave her friend the opportunity to have a chance at playing the flute.
Addison ignored the advice of others and became an artist as they always had dreamed.
Kendall got the gold medal in track and field even though she wasn't good.
lee was having a party so he called everyone and invited them.
Casey made Bailey approach the snake they had just found in the woods.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity for a job working at the school with underserved children.
Jesse rode a roller coaster at the fair. They should know they are in danger.
Jan told her friend that she wanted to go on a date with him.
Remy gave up gambling, got a new job instead, and changed their fortunes for the better.
Sasha worked for weeks. They saved a lot of money during that time.
Ash told his friend that he was gonna go to the store the next day.
Quinn killed Kendall's wife because he was jealous of their relationship.
Aubrey ran as fast as she could and reached the bus stop in time.
Skylar remembers that it is Jan's special day, so Skylar gives Jan a gift.
Tracy hurt Austin much worse by grabbing a knife and stabbing the shin.
Addison loved to swim and excelled at sports at their school.
taylor was doing her job so she put the money in the drawer.
Tracy asked Jesse some questions about tutoring her for the calculus class she was having trouble in.
lee told the kids he was going to retire from teaching next year.
Robert was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Taylor spilt ketchup all over Ash's shirt and then didn't apologize for it.
It was Aubrey's wedding day and she was happy to see everyone show up.
Remy asked Jordan out to a dinner date at the finest restaurant in town.
Austin was walking down a crowded hall and heard Sydney's voice.
Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb after it was hurt and Tracy ran up to Remy crying.
Cameron would make fun of Austin when he spoke in front of their coworkers at workplace.
Taylor was going to kiss Austin for the first time. She wanted to try a new technique but ended up biting Austin's lips.
Sydney put the boxes in storage before going back home for the summer vacation.
Jesse forgave the men for their unkind words, but still avoided them when going out.
Remy improved drastically to the point that she was offered a job.
Casey sucks her thumb when they are stressed out and trying to go to sleep at night.
Riley was told that they looked a lot like their friend Ash.
Carson played soccer well when he played in the state championship.
Robin expressed interest in Jordan after he solved a math problem.
Alex made a fire for her boyfriend while the boyfriend looked for a blanket.
Austin took a bus across the country so they could see their friend.
Alex packed Aubrey's car while she made sure the house was locked up.
Sasha looked at the map and decided to take a shortcut.
Alex taught math at the University but was caught stealing from the library.
Aubrey sold a computer that she had built to a person that used eBay.
Alex didnt bother looking after themselves, they drank too much, ate takeaways everday and drank beer every night.  Unsuprisingly Alex had a heart attack aged 45.
After the game, Jan packed everything up into her Soccer bag and put it in her trunk.
Jesse was playing basketball with their friends and had a lot of fun.
Carson kept Skylar's head down because if they looked directly at the guards they would be beaten.
Carson told Cameron's sister that they wanted to ask Cameron on a date.
Jordan pointed to the poisonous spider that was sitting on Quinn's finger.
Jordan pushed their daughter away from the oncoming traffic and got hit by a car instead.
remy had a headache so he did not think of anything.
Jesse, assisted by their assistants, finally finished the project.
the person who followed tracy's advice in her life.
Lee stared into Jordan's eyes and told them that he loved them.
Carson assisted Casey in making dinner for the big banquet that they were having at work.
Jordan threw open the door and walked away without ever looking back.
Jan walked along the streets looking for her dogs after they got out.
Addison gave Kendall a sandwich instead of a cupcake she wanted.
Addison went out late for a party against her parents wishes.
Skylar never used her bike.  It was gathering dust.
Bailey bought something to give to their best friend as a gift.
Skylar had been unresponsive since the accident had occurred, but using a defibrillator machine, Remy produced a reaction in Skylar and saved their life.
They went into the class and started stretching and found that yoga helped with his pain.
Bailey did not go well to school and had to see many counselors about his problem.
Casey bought girl scout cookies from her friend to help her with the sales.
Carson studied all week to prepare for the upcoming exam.
Cameron got down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend.
Quinn felt lonely at home by herself so she decided to get a dog.
Aubrey gave Skylar the time when Skylar asked her to check.
Casey asked a lot of questions and finally saw what was wrong with Sasha.
That summer Addison reached their growth spurt. Every day they grew and Addison was starting to worry that they would never stop growing.
Skylar worked hard to make the fundraiser for cancer research a success. Skylar thanked the committee for the funding.
Jan told her friends that she did not wanna go to the party.
Tracy went to the mall with a friend and they were seen cheating on their respective significant others.
Casey kept the talk to a minimum and got the deal done in record time.
Austin had studied the bible everyday and talked to the pastor, so they knew the word of the lord.
Austin decorated Kendall's house with balloons and streamers in blue and gold for her birthday party.
Addison identified a child at risk after doing a wellness check at the child's home.
Carson felt a burden on Casey's shoulder the whole night they were together.
Quinn spent a lot of time with the Kai family. The family was always good to them.
Alex had seen the whole crime go down so Alex gave the investigator an interview.
Aubrey has been working many long hours at her job. She decided she needed to take some time off to relax. Her favorite place to visit is the beach. So, Aubrey packed her bags in her car and took a road trip.
Taylor gave Bailey other options and offered to help, stopping her from getting an abortion.
Lee and his mother bought Lee's Dad a new motorcycle. When he came home they kept their lips sealed and waited for him to see it in the garage.
Ash was presenting a paper on physics to a group of scientists.
Cameron wore earrings with their prom dress that were her grandmother's.
Austin gave the man aid by giving some rations that were not that bad.
Robin was worried about Riley's dress, and reached over to cross her legs for her.
Bailey pointed their finger at them to move out of the way.
Jan wrote Addison an article for the daily newspaper.
Kai was asked a question and threw doubt on the question.
Kendall wanted to watch the new film in the movie theater.
Jesse as a coach and friend told Cameron to relax during the competition.
On a sunny day at the park, Jan played games with their friends.
friends invited cameron to come with them, so cameron came along for lunch.
Jesse asked for Sasha's hand in marriage, but she said no.
Carson loved Bailey so much that he wanted to do anything with her.
Addison fed the kitten canned food but didn't realize it had ingredients her cat was allergic to.
Alex and their partner were living in poverty but after Alex landed a well paid job, Alex raised their standard of living.
Aubrey hugged Lee to show appreciation and Lee hugged Aubrey back.
Taylor sought an opportunity for Riley after he lost his job.
Lee's son was hungry. Taylor gave them some food.
After bandits wreaked havoc on the town, Sasha brought the townspeople together.
After feeling down, Jesse sang songs to feel better.
Kai walked back from school after a long day followed by baseball practice.
Tracy gathered Remy's things and put them in storage for a long time.
Cameron gave the class time to finish the test before moving on to the next section.
Jan watched the news today and turned it off to avoid the negativity.
Ash got their gun because they are going on a hunting trip.
Jan went to the art gallery and Jan saw Kendall's works.
Jesse avoided Addison's eye contact inside the store that day.
Alex gave Jordan a funny look as Jordan entered the lecture, flustered and twenty minutes late. Jordan quickly took a seat.
Aubrey gave Addison direction's to the play because the GPS was broken and they didn't want to get lost.
Cameron quickly grabbed his coat because they did not want to be late for the appointment.
Casey was lallygagging around and cost too much time.
Bailey took Quinn aside to talk about the problem of having too many cigarettes.
Cameron made pancakes on the stove with the kit he got from the store.
Ash was driving slow and looking for obstacles. Ash ensured their safety.
Quinn found the time to help Robin from the trouble with the math problems.
Alex was at a party and met a girl whom agreed to go home with him.
Robin liked the blue shirt the best and decided to buy the shirt.
Lee bought new headphones so we could listen to the classical album.
Lee walked home from school all by themselves everyday, regardless of the weather.
Robin kept a careful eye on the new employee to make sure there was nothing wasted.
Cameron grabbed a shovel and had a good time with the garage.
Cameron checked the battery in Aubrey's watch to see if it had any charge left. Unfortunately, the battery was completely dead.
Jordan prepared lunch for work and included his favorite foods along with healthy foods.
Robin was listening to the radio but then decided to watch TV instead.
Casey leveraged their past history of always paying back loans and applied to borrow some money.
Sasha made sure to take the meat out of the freezer well ahead of time.
Carson washed their hands of soot after a long work day.
Austin advised the players on all matters on how to win the game.
Ash expressed their honesty openly and told everyone she was mad at them.
Aubrey plans to lose fifteen pounds before the start of summer.
Riley began to sing the song while she was in the shower at her hours.
Since their friend's parents were busy, Bailey took their friend to church.
Quinn had a cut on their finger and Jordan was pointing at it.
Bailey hated checking the mail, but they were expecting a check, so Bailey finally checked the mail.
Jesse felt Skylar's hand. Jesse wasn't sure how to proceed next. Jesse was nervous.
Jordan gave Taylor the right gift for their ten year anniversary.
Jan messed up on her try but decided to give Bailey another go at the game.
Jordan moved Carson's mouth to help him chew after the surgery.
Robin called Aubrey's bluff after noticing the small tell that Aubrey has.
Sydney got an urgent call about a crime in the middle of the night.
Skylar decided it would be best if they took the offensive side of the debate.
Lee saw a ghost in the water and got really scared.
Carson drove a car. However, he didn't have a driver's license.
Ash wasn't in the mood to try anything new, so Ash ordered a hamburger.
Taylor failed the first time they took the test, but quickly learnt from their mistakes and aced it the second time around.
The others watched as Sydney went above and beyond to make it extra special for her.
Aubrey wanted to play with friends, but they had a violin recital the next day. Alex made Aubrey practice two hours instead of going out.
Sydney had an issue she wanted to discuss at the meeting but she had an appointment at the same time. Taylor raised Sydney's issue instead.
Jan would play the piano to use up some free time.
Tracy spent time to improve her grades.
Aubrey went over Sasha's head when explaining quantum physics to Sasha so Sasha was bored.
Riley explained everything to her mom about why she was in trouble.
Sydney wanted to play basketball so they played with their friends after school.
i got into a fight with cameron and he decided he would break my leg.
Ash made it snappy when she spoke at the meeting that was running over in time.
Jordan told Kendall to be quiet after Kendall started talking loudly in the library.
Sydney finally paid back the loan she loaned from the bank when she wanted to start her business.
Robin used Tracy's device without asking permission or returning it.
Sasha is cooking in the kitchen when they hear the door bell ring. Sasha can't believe it's already time for guests to arrive.
Remy came soon after his brother showed up at the house with a gun.
Tracy was playing cards with some friends and it was their turn. Tracy layered their cards on the table to show them.
Lee always enjoyed cooking, but one day they burned all their food.
Jordan asked Jan for advice and was pleased when she turned out to be right.
Riley was taking a spelling test. Riley spelled the words correctly.
Cameron ran amok after drinking too much. He has a serious problem with alcohol.
Remy decided to major in chemistry to get a good job in the school.
Taylor wanted to start a garden.  They wanted to have a new hobby.
Jesse really looked forward to vacation and spent a fortune buying a new wardrobe for the trip.
Carson started doing Jan's new program.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for hours before the birthday party began and guests started to arrive.
Quinn carried the would farther then the others.
Jordan bought a suit to have when they were applying for jobs.
Jan paid robin's money back in full and now robin could afford to pay their bills.
Kendall played the new drums very loudly and proudly all night long to morning.
Riley pulled them to safety and inflated their life raft.
Quinn texted their husband. The show was about to start.
Aubrey bent the truth when she got caught stealing.
After making breakfast for everyone in the house, Taylor started to pour the orange juice.
Kendall was an animal loved and noticed a sad, lonely stray cat in their neighbourhood.
Aubrey snuck a handle of alcohol onto the school trip.
Alex was on his bike when his friend crashed, so Alex rode away to get help.
Kai finally convinced the group and they followed him eagerly.
skylar realized all she did was work hard so she spent the next week relaxing.
Carson got a new car and took it for a drive.
skylar felt nervous so she told alex how she felt.
Bailey went to the store and used a coupon so that they could save money.
Kendall is interested in watching a new movie premiering on Friday.
Lee's dog bit Kendall in the arse while they were playing.
Alex was able to learn to read fast by watching videos on Youtube.
Ash marked every correct answer on his arm to pass the test.
Alex won the bet easily because they rigged the game.
Aubrey got fired from the store and applied for a brand new job.
Everyone said that Bailey had an interesting life. Because of that Bailey published an autobiography as a book.
Sasha loved the outdoor and hiked, fished and camped, whenever she could.
Taylor realized he was not wearing his jacket. Taylor left his jacket in Austin's room.
Jordan produced some hit new songs annually which received praise.
Ash saved money for months to go on vacation.
Austin dug their own grave at the orders of the man with the gun.
Addison doesn't have many ingredients but they cook a dish with the ingredients the do have. It's a mix of quite unique things but it's lovely.
Jan was involved in everything, mentoring Bailey and improving her life.
Kai asked Aubrey out on a date but Aubrey really only saw Kai as a friend.
Cameron climbed the fence to escape the prison and reach her freedom.
Casey saw an ad in the paper for Saint Bernard puppies so she excitedly called the phone number on the listing.
Carson was going to the party. Carson got a gift for my birthday even though he didn't have too.
Aubrey took a friend's book to the library to return it.
Skylar got a letter in the mail, it was from harvard, he was excited.
Alex started weight training and endured every slight pain there was.
Jesse faced every person in the committee with candid answers to their questions.
Addison placed noodles in the microwave because they were too lazy to make them on the stove.
Alex went to school and studied as a computer scientist. Alex just graduated.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for her upcoming baby shower.
Kendall went to a casting and got hired by a company to be in a movie.
Robin enjoyed spending time with the family and went on vacation with them a lot.
sydney was kidnapped by aliens but returned to usher in peace on earth.
Skylar vowed that he would keep Remy's commandments and run the garage the same way Remy always had.
Skylar read all of the words in the book and did her best to remember them.
Cameron would make fun of Austin when he spoke because he had a speech impediment that made his words come out wrong.
Carson walked his dog to school and back home again.
Carson was the only one of the co-workers who brought presents for their son to the birthday party.
Taylor made sure to throw the trash away this time since she forgot last time.
Ash waited around for their friends.
Abigail was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kai tested the student's patience by giving him a lot of math problems to do in a certain time.
Jordan left my wallet at home.  I asked Jordan to carry my wallet in their bag.
Remy wasn't good with money and wasn't going to get kicked out. Ash paid all of Remy's bills.
Jordan was on their way home from a long and tiring day of work.
The movie was very intense so Austin cried all the way throughout the movie.
Carson decided to throw a party and there was underaged drinking there when cops showed up.
Because Cameron did not make the chess team last year, he practiced every day after school and improved his skills.
sasha was doing her residency and explained skylars pain to the doctors.
Jesse sent their niece to school. The niece was surrounded by classmates because of her extreme beauty and her exotic attire.
Sophia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Casey endured the shit longer than she expected and finally snapped on people.
Kai told her jokes. They wanted to make them laugh.
Jan told Casey's coworkers a story and Casey got mad.
Riley accidentely described the circumstances about Quinn's divorce even though she was told to keep it a secret.
Taylor was a part of her friend Kendall's daily existence.
Aubrey gave Addison direction's to the play and they both got to the play that night.
Lee met Carson in person yesterday to go to the cafe for some yummy coffee.
After running out of the burning building, Skylar escaped with their life.
Tracy didn't understand the equation so Skylar taught them about the math.
Bailey made Sydney audition for the play and she got the part.
In order to prepare the customer for the tattoo, Jesse first briefly traced the image.
Cameron asked Skylar to come to the dance with them. Skylar let Cameron down gently.
Sydney loved Tracy to death, despite her awkward demeanor in social situations.
Quinn was trying to leave before Carson wanted her to go, so Carson grabbed her wrist.
Alex saw eye to eye with Remy.  They are in a full agreement.
Aubrey was calm while helped Jordan's regain the composure he was lacking.
Jordan produced the vegetables annually and sold them at a local farmers market.
Sydney turned Jordan's face away from the wreck so Jordan wouldn't have nightmares the rest of their life.
Taylor pressed Skylar's hands on the table and began painting her nails.
Casey had things to do later they avoided their parents.
Taylor set her boyfriend at ease and gave him a big kiss.
Aubrey became very sick at school and threw up all over her friends.
Since it was his day for show and tell, Carson walked his dog to school.
Kai put their dog on a leash and walked them along the road.
Carson was busy but eventually made it all the way top the bank.
Addison put a lot of their money into a bank so they could get it later.
Jesse went begging their mother for a dog and she eventually gave in.
Addison decided to run outside because she was training.
Casey held the project back after her coworkers rushed through things.
Lee had hopes of a career in basketball. Lee trained harder than everyone else on their team.
Sydney was having a bad day and taking it out on everyone. Sydney also gave Ash grief for no reason.
riley was manager of the golf course so he got robin an opportunity at the golf course.
Kai played professional basketball until his coach told him he wasn't good enough.
Lee blew Kendall's cover as a foreign spy agent.
After seeing her sing so well in front of the crowd, Cameron sung the praises of joy.
Jordan was a server at the restaurant. Tracy told Jordan what she wanted.
Addison gave the money back after finding some on the ground that day.
They ran after they ticked off the lion and climbed a tree but forgot that it could climb.
aubrey saw her mom was sick so she took her to the hospital.
Alex told Tracy that she was pregnant with his baby.
Cameron took the test and got a really good grade on it.
Kai was in class near the girl he found cute. Kai moved closer to her.
Remy drew Lee an analogy on how the cowboys and eagles share the land.
The prom was fast approaching, Remy did not want to go alone, he found a date.
Kai put the eggs in the fridge so that way they wouldn't go bad.
As part of her apprentice ship, Alex worked for Lee diligently.
Cameron went to the video store to see if they could rent a movie.
Austin had help to put her best foot forward during the game.
Tracy used her computer every day on amazon mechanical turk to make money for her kid's birthday.
Alex was trying to get in shape and adopt a more healthy lifestyle. He decided to take a walk around his neighborhood each day to increase his activity level.
Alex tore Ash to pieces verbally after their argument over politics.
Aubrey went over Sasha's head and had to explain the joke a few more times.
Kai used their knowledge to help others take the exam that day.
Jan was looking all over for their backpack this morning before school. Jordan found Jan's leather back.
Addison committed every sin and their family was convinced that they would go to hell as a result.
Sydney served their interests by feeding them and doing all their chores, they really needed Sydney´s help.
Quinn snuck up on Sydney and got out the dagger. Sydney was stabbed in the back.
Kendall put toys in Remy's place and Remy was definitely distracted by them.
Taylor asked another question in class even though the other students wanted to leave the class.
riley looked the bully straight in the eye to try and intimidate them into stopping.
Ash handed Cameron the remote control for the television.
Addison tried several things that night and finally found the perfect pair of shoes to wear.
Casey denied everything even though she knew what happened.
After studying very hard and for a long time, Kai earned a master's degree.
Kai decorated his house for the party he was throwing on the weekend.
Ash sent their daughter to the store for some bread.
Austin begged and begged until he was allowed to go to the zoo.
Carson took ask to see the movie because it was her first time going.
Skylar found a dollar somewhere in the house.  It was their brother's allowance.
Skylar took Cameron to a shelter yesterday to look at dogs.
Riley told him what Jan wanted from the store on her way home.
Austin didn't feel like going now so he went later in the afternoon.
Riley was helping Sasha get dressed in the morning. Riley pulled the wool over Sasha's head.
Skylar died Casey's hair blue and gave her an asymmetrical bob cut.
Remy filled the air with perfume after she made a mess.
Robin started school with her friend and the enjoyed the new classes.
Alex was a staunch atheist and and didn't believe in life after death.
Sydney decided to be helpful and lifted up Sasha's spirits.
Tracy just listed Skylar for sale on the school's community website.
Alex was simply another player and was happy to sacrifice for the others on the team.
Robin brought the convict to trial and prepared to begin to make her case.
Bailey is a high school student. Catastrophic rainfall flooded the Houston metropolitan area. People lost home and houses were damaged. Bailey joined forces with the volunteers.
Cameron got a new girlfriend and was spending all his time with her. Lee was giving Cameron a hard time about it.
Sasha set at Bailey's computer and stole all her password and information.
Robin treated her niece very well because she was her favorite niece.
Aubrey told Quinn a touching story about what happened to her in the past.
Jesse got a new iPhone and was so excited about it.
Alex is in love with Jordan and wants to marry them.
Remy started reading the book the day before it was due to be returned to the library.
Casey cost Jan some dollars and did not have the money to pay it back.
Lee had never done this before, so Taylor filed Lee's application for benefits.
Tracy went to meat Skylar at the station the other day only to find that Skylar had died.
Lee ordered new makeup from Amazon and scored great deals.
Austin got glasses for the first time after years of getting headaches.
Casey tried to stay brave in the haunted house but she became terrified.
Aubrey tried to walk away from argument so that the conflict wouldn't escalate.
Jesse visited their parents every summer at their farm.
Casey determined the truth after years of doing meticulous research on the subject.
Kai set the table and served dinner and Cameron Jawed down the food.
Taylor took Addison's lives in the video game and laughed at the victory.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend at a game of tennis after Jesse told Quinn that his friend was the best.
Taylor gave Lee's son presents because Lee couldn't afford anything for Christmas.
Skylar took several hours to make sure their paper was formatted correctly before turning it in.
Addison knew Aubrey had kind thoughts about them when Addison read the poem.
Jesse was a very frugal person who always used coupons when shopping.
The dogs had been inside all morning and it was a beautiful day.
Jan had no money when Jordan invited him to dinner.  Therefore, Jordan paid Jan's share.
Bailey decided to point her finger at the sky because she saw a plane and a flock of seagulls.
Jan was doing an task at school and performed well.
Carson read Jan's letter and sent one back to her.
Sidney aim the gun at the Robert that was in her house.
Skylar left confident today after scoring very high on an exam.
Sasha pulled out her text book and was sitting at her desk for a long time.
Aubrey went past the snake. She noticed that it wasn't poisonous so she wasn't worried.
Lee made their name hated to others after what they did.
Kai saw the accident up close and wanted to make sure everyone was unharmed.
Jan had an idea and put their thoughts into words.
Alex and Hannah got into a big fight. After much discussion Hannah broke up with Alex. Alex began to walk away and never looked back.
Kai decides to join the military shortly after a terrorist attack. Kai fights for their country.
Sydney went to the doctor and got their hearing checked.
Lee came to pick Quinn up and drive to the movies to see the latest blockbuster.
Jesse moved to a big farm in the country and lived happily ever after.
Addison checked Skylar's car for her phone after realizing she could not find it anywhere.
Taylor sprained her ankle and had to use crutches for two week.
The new everyone at work a because he helped everyone out.
Lee went to see Addison about a plan of moving out.
Skylar wanted to get into a local university but had to sit an entrance exam to be eligible.
Austin will start work next week at the big factory in the middle of the town.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress by telling him about a landscaping job he liked better.
Jesse changed the oil of the engine and returned the cap.
Kay helped Sydney's look become more mainstream so Sydney could blend in.
Austin tried to get up, but the punch had been so hard, their legs wouldn't work.
After getting caught red handed, Sasha gave her coworker back the money as the others watched.
In order to make friends at the new school, Casey joined a club at their school on the first day.
according to the article robin took lees rocket away.
Jesse started running toward the door as it began to close on them.
Skylar towed Sydney's car off the street and wanted to know where to take it.
Remy's boss replied to him his email.
Sasha took some of her money to the pound and gave it away to the people working there.
Skylar broke the silence with a high pitched scream.
Bailey made it onto Austin's enemy list by calling them stupid and making fun of the as a joke.
Ash used their intuition to know it was best to stay away from the bad kids.
Carson led Jan through life and they never thought to question the decisions laid before them.
Taylor needed to present thier case. Taylor called forth the first witness.
Jordan gave their parent a ticket that Jordan had purchased for a concert after Jordan realized they would not be able to attend.
Remy looked at Quinn's eyes with a serious and determined look.
Jordan looked back at Aubrey as she was walking away from him.
The group of friends was already tense since Sam and Ally's breakup, but Ash added fuel to the fire asking out Ally in front of everyone.
Cameron prevented them from obtaining any drugs from him during the robbery.
Quinn was booed off the stage during a terrible performance at the comedy club.
lee read tracy the article so that tracy could learn the effects of smoking.
Carson pulled the key from Jordan's pocket earlier which made him get locked out of the house.
Cameron went to the store and bought some video games that he liked and wanted to play.
Cameron sent a quick message to his brother saying he would be late.
Sasha was baking a cake but discovered she was missing milk. So she went to the store to buy some.
Remy was old enough to vote and wanted to try it out. They voted for the first time.
Kendall went to the park and spotted a lonely gray kitten. Kendall brought the cat home.
After Jan gave Bailey another shot, Bailey felt like crap and tried to bake banana bread.
After having a crush on Aubrey for a long time, Carson started dating Aubrey when they got the courage to ask them out.
Ash sent their son to the store to pick up groceries alone for the first time.
After the initial orientation went so well and ended up being fun, Skylar decided she would like the job.
While Sash's parents were out of town for the weekend, Sasha went to a party with their friends.
Quinn also turned the page in the book with everyone else in class.
Robin was crying behind she hurt herself when she fell. Casey held Robin's face to comfort her.
Quinn has had the same haircut for several years and is bored of it.
Kai made her decision while in bed getting ready to go to sleep.
Aubrey is a pathological liar who cannot stop.
Aubrey loved the pizza too much, and ended up eating the whole thing alone.
When asked if Sydney at the food Sydney looked Kai in the eye and told the truth.
Aubrey had come down with the flu so she spent another day at home.
When Lee was standing next to Alex, Lee stood up to her shoulder.
Aubrey placed her life at risk to save everyone from the bomb.
Bailey felt sore after what happened last night.
Jesse had a tantrum and hit them in the face.
Jan put Quinn's money in the safe at the back of the bar.
After Kendall asked Austin for some help, Austin decorated Kendall's house for five hours.
Kai put their methods into action and won an award at work.
Jordan and Bailey were out in the middle of a storm. Jordan kept Bailey safe til it was over.
Carson's son wanted to learn to play the piano. Carson gave their son lessons.
Jesse shared Jordan's love and they had a big kiss.
Skylar went wandering around in the woods. Cameron looked around for Skylar.
Cameron provided Tracy income when she gave her a job.
Riley had no friends in the area, so he always played computer games.
Ash borrowed the money from his family in order to afford the house down payment.
Taylor didn't come back and wandered off into the woods forever.
Tracy made Bailey a sandwich because they knew Bailey would need their strength.
Casey took a while to arrive at the cafe in the middle of the city.
Robin called his daughter and told her how much he loved her.
Addison provided Kendall the correct answer on the practice exam so that Kendall could do better.
Ash got in a fight and used his knife that he had in his pocket.
bailey considered the offer seriously and accepted it after a few days.
Kai felt adventurous and decided to sign up for the half marathon with Andrew instead of the 10K as originally planned.
Skylar was looking for a new car and finally found some good ones on sale.
Remy made love the theme of their show, and expressed beautiful sentiments to the crowd.
Bailey sent a very nice letter to Riley. Riley thanked him for the letter.
Carson had Jesse's nails dug into their chest as they were making intense love to each other.
Cameron told their girlfriend a story. She was really scared of it.
Kai uttered Sasha's exclamation and waved goodbye for the last time.
Taylor had to reach several different goals if he wanted to graduate this semester. He obtained all of them.
Taylor gave their daughter up for adoption without telling the father first.
Aubrey felt jealous of her friend getting the part even though she wasn't suppose to.
Sasha went outside instead of hanging out on the couch indoors as she had done for the last three days.
Lee was trying to grab Casey's hands to hold them and Casey pulled her hands away.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the new book and they book had many words and pictures.
casey went in addison's room to talk to him and found dirt in his room.
Kai had done many bad things in their past, and a long time had gone by since they spoke to their family, but now Kai had changed a lot, and Kai finally made amends.
Ash paid all of Remy's bills when Remy lost her job.
Bailey turned Aubrey away when she offered help.
Jan spent the rest of her life with Quinn by marrying Quinn and living together with Quinn.
Jordan invited Addison's girlfriend to the dance last weekend.
Tracy's office has learned that there could be errors on a standardized test they manufacturer. Tracy diligently examines every test form to check.
Remy played video games with Addison's friends after school one day.
Alex finally got the tattoo of the date on which her grandfather passed.
Kai was making breakfast at put the eggs in the bowl.
Jordan is an honor student at his middle school. He plays football and baseball in his spare time. He also volunteers his time at a local animal shelter.
Bailey went out in the park on Saturday. Bailey played baseball with a friend.
Skylar watched Alex play but noticed that Alex was starting to do something dangerous.
Kendall sent Kai away to their room as punishment for their poor grades.
Lee stood up to her shoulder and supported the others in their time of need.
Taylor is a psychiatrist in a big hospital.
Robin was especially hard to his family and friends.
Riley afforded Sydney the pleasure of a trip to the Caribbean.
Taylor needed new shoes, so he can train for the big race this weekend.
Lee was concerned about bears in the park, so Lee threw their garbage away.
Alex showed the group the way through the cave at the park.
Taylor cut his finger when he was making some meat in the kitchen.
Robin risked her life to help her best friend who could not swim and fell out of the boat.
Austin bites the biscuit, then spits it into the trash and wipes their tongue.
Riley and Tracy were good friends, they talked for an hour about everything.
Jesse, a patient at the hospital, repeatedly called the nurse into their room for every little request they had.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to kiss her on the mouth.
Austin was helping a friend feel better by easing their worries.
Carson entered their house after coming from their job as a teacher.
Alex outlived their usefulness and everyone was ignoring him.
Taylor spent hours writing a paper for their english class last week.
Robin had a big project due tomorrow but was able to complete the assignment.
Bailey maintained the temperature at high levels because it was expected to snow that evening.
Aubrey was supposed to pick Quinn up from school. Aubrey came to pick Quinn up.
Skylar gave Aubrey the business after Aubrey had gotten in trouble at work.
Skylar monitored the patient's heart rate to make sure that they were healthy.
Taylor made good grades in his class every year of high school.
Sasha got near Robin and shooed away a wasp that was flying around.
Kendall had a party at Jordan's house that lasted a few hours that night.
Bailey played Quinn's music after Quinn left the house and forgot to lock their room.
Ash's classmates all went to Ivy league schools but Ash pursued their own way. Ash decided to work full time on amazon mechanical turk.
Riley got worked up about the subject at hand and couldn't keep quiet about it.
Alex had graduated from college and really wanted to get a good paying job.
Lee saw the train coming straight for them and quickly began panicking.
Addison told everyone Quinn was sick. Quinn is in fact in very bad condition. He is barely breathing now.
Tracy went to a party with Lee's friends and had a great time with the crew.
Jordan created consumer awareness and positive comments for a Yelp review for the restaurant.
Jesse deepened Remy's understanding of the lore with some good pointers.
Taylor went to the market and bought some apples that they were going to use for an apple pie.
Quinn sent gifts away to the others because it was christmas.
Jordan left my wallet at home, and it had all the money we were going to spend with on a night out with others.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands down her blouse because she wanted her to touch.
Cameron found a way out of the complex maze, after only an hour of looking.
Ash grew apart from her friends when she moved.
Ash was eating out in a restaurant and found a spider in their soup. Ash called the owner.
Carson wrote a blog online to talk about their interests which include cars and trains.
Carson was a very stubborn person who didn't take his father's advice to be careful.
Jordan spit on the dummy after it kept falling over when he hit it.
Taylor got her new tv working.
Skylar gave Carson peace by supporting her through her challenges.
Quinn did the same thing every week: go to the coffee shop, then check out a new book at the library.
Bailey drank with the flies and then stumbled home to go to bed.
Quinn found a cat in the woods and kept it in their room.
Casey was scared and was hiding behind the cushion with their eyes closed but Aubrey opened Casey's eyes and showed Casey there was nothing to be afraid of.
At the manufacturing plant where they worked, Addison put Kendall's ideas into action, which saved the plant thousands of dollars per year.
Ash and Carson had a fight. Ash gives Carson time to cool off. Carson comes back, acknowledging they were wrong and apologizes to Ash.
Aubrey showed Remy's mom the questionable texts she'd received that afternoon.
Jan took her pills to the doctor because they were making her ill.
Austin saw a girl and came up to her and broke the ice.
Lee told Quinn an inappropriate joke by the water cooler and Quinn just rolled her eyes and walked away.
skylar read many books and finally found their place in the world.
Sasha was running late so she took a shortcut to work.
Kai learned a new skill that summer at sleep away camp.
Taylor spent a lot of time playing and was happy with the day.
After coming up with a dynamic product idea, Austin wanted to start his own business.
Addison had taken Spanish and wanted to go somewhere outside of the country to practice their knowledge.
Kai looked for many new cars at the dealership and eventually found one that fit his style.
Taylor missed the bus on Tuesday and walked home afterwards.
Robin is a prosecutor, the top detectives have been working on collecting evidence in a murder case. Robin brings the case to trial and wins.
After giving their niece money, Robin felt really proud of herself and happy she could help.
Sasha discussed the matter of payment with Taylor after they signed the contract.
Skylar slept better after making sure that her children were safe and asleep.
After fighting the flu for 2 weeks, Sasha's health took a turn for the worse.
The coach tossed the ball into the air between the two players and Jesse immediately took the ball.
Lee had once been married, but after she divorced and waited a long while she married another man.
Kai asked for Taylor's help in putting up decorations for the birthday party.
Alex received a check from a government after filing all of his taxes for the previous year.
Jesse drove home in Robin's new car.  They told Robin that they enjoyed the ride.
Sasha liked the dress that Tracy was wearing so she told her that she looks good.
Casey really enjoyed their babies.
Skylar showed theird friends the scar running down their face with pride.
Austin found out that they had gotten a promotion and rushed home to tell their wife.
Sasha got Aubrey's attention by pulling her hair very hard.
Jordan hid weed well from their parents until one day when mom did a spring cleaning.
Ash bought the truck into the store to get it inspected for the third time.
Addison prevented Sasha from making dinner by making a mess in the kitchen all day.
Aubrey lied at work in an attempt to to get Kendall fired to get back at them for not inviting them to the party.
Kai tested the student's scores. She wasn't happy with the work of the students.
Remy confirmed the reservation and described the situation to the front of house and thanked them for the help.
alex issued a late fee to the amount that was listed on the receipt that was brought in.
Lee talked to their boss about getting a promotion after doing such a good job.
Jan set Tracy's mind at ease by telling her her father went peacefully.
I ran into Kendall at the mall, we talked about you and Kendall also said to tell you hi.
Kai learned her lessons in school and studied hard for the test.
Ash sent their friend to the store in six inches of heavily falling snow.
Lee went to see Addison in the other house.
Kai imposed many rules upon Tracy for nothing.
Robin and his friends decided to do their first ding dong ditch prank and put their finger on the doorbell.
Jesse spends too much money, they can't pay their monthly bills. Jesse needs to stop shopping. Jesse only goes one day without shopping.
Taylor left their sandwich in Austin's room and it grew mold after going unnoticed for several weeks.
aubrey saw lee needed help so he directed lee's course of action.
Skylar put things away right where they belong in the office.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to go camping for a few hours in the sun.
Tracy said bye to Addison on their last day of school.
kendall wanted to hear what someone had to say so she leant forward.
Sydney made fun of Aubrey's accent because it was charming, and they were friends with each other.
Riley dipped Austin's head into the water before jerking them back up.
Aubrey loved the painting and bought it immediately for herself.
Jan watched the news today and found out that her parents city got hit by a hurricane and was evacuated.
austin had a gun shown to him so he also grabbed his gun.
Jordan took a walk in the sun on a late summer day.
Kendall taught Alex's dog tricks while watching his dog last weekend.
After much encouragement from friends, Alex spent more time with the people in the community.
Skylar purchased a ticket to an expensive show as a gift for their friend.
Tracy visited their uncle while he was in the hospital after a car accident.
Addison knew what was going on after everyone was whispering about her at school.
Aubrey created Addison illusion for their show and tell.
Sasha noticed that Robin had a talent for writing. Sasha helped Robin develop their potential.
Skylar used Jesse for other purposes at work when they needed him to do other things.
Austin took weeks to finish a project and got a bad grade.
Quinn needed to get some help from Alex to cook the chicken dinner they were making.
Carson challenged Jan to a race against each other while outside.
Jan placed the mat in the way of the door so that nobody would walk in during their nap.
Jordan gleefully saw the bakery with their own eyes that had finally healed three months after the surgery.
Tracy smelled like Bailey which was a comforting smell for her.
After hours and hours of driving, Remy was only a mile from home. Remy was extremely tired and ready for bed.
carson was a good employee so he made sure to assist the baker in determining the time.
Sasha told Riley's mom that she didn't want to spend time with Riley anymore.
Kendall took lessons in dance in order to add dancing to her resume list of skills.
Ash bought the truck after saving money for all summer long.
Kai was a very self conscious person and noticed the stares when they entered the hall.
The party organizers ignored Skylar when sending invitations to the graduation party. Jesse finally invited Skylar to come.
Addison layered Casey's hair when they asked for a new type of haircut.
Remy got their story straight.
Kai kept Kendall's hands at their sides. Teaching them yoga was not easy.
Carson made sure to get his money's worth at the auction.
Cameron took their break because it was their turn to do so after working many hours.
Taylor was training to become a hairstylist and felt comfortable experimenting on themself.
Casey performed their lines properly and received a standing ovation for the performance.
Sasha learned my lesson plan and gave it to the class.
Cameron hid from behind the sofa from their friends playing hide and seek.
Lee frightened away flies which were trying to get on everyone's food.
Sasha accidentally burnt them. The cookies they made were ruined.
Jan did a lot of things with their friends on a daily basis. Jan loved their friends well.
Bailey's car wouldn't start so Bailey wanted to investigate. Bailey popped the hood to look for a reason.
Alex walked Taylor back after Alex saw that Taylor was hurt from the fight.
Addison tried to calm Aubrey down after she got in a fight with her boyfriend.
Robin decided to go and see a broadway show.
Kai petitioned the committee for redress when his protest fell on deaf ears.
Aubrey stood next to Cameron and was happy he noticed her.
Carson changed Bailey's name after picking the perfect one.
Jan forgot her wallet in her car so Jordan paid Jan's share.
Jan was sent to the principal's office because he was acting up in class.
Lee drove Ash up a wall being silly and telling jokes.
Remy was one of about 100 applicants, and yet he managed to get the job.
Sasha was staring at the wishing well when it asked her a question. Sasha answered the wishing well back.
Sydney also gave Ash a present when they met to celebrate Christmas.
Jan showed everyone their report card from that semester.
Bailey told Robin he knows about the failed class at school.
Quinn sent Carson to summer camp so that they could be alone for a while and play video games.
It was time for Bailey to go to work. Bailey tried to get ready.
Alex worked at a bookstore and sold books to their friend at a discount.
Carson got money from his wife to help the others.
Quinn and Kai were good freinds. Quinn got Kai's dog to do tricks as a surprise for Kai.
Austin said something unkind and multiple people overheard the remark.
Jan teaches a soccer class to children. Every student is tested on how well they can kick a goal. The children performed the task well.
kendall forget to set her alarm so she got up late for school.
Kai proceeded on their way home, but got a flat tire on the drive.
Alex spent a minute looking up where he should go get dinner with his large friend group.
Cameron gave them a soft smile to the man who was extra nice to them.
Aubrey went to my friend's house and hung out with them after visiting my house.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands down her blouse and then they made out for an hour.
Addison ran 5 miles because she wanted to be more healthy and get in shape.
Cameron asked Jan what he missed.
Aubrey saw her at school and gave a big hug that lasted a couple of minutes.
Jan filled the bucket up completely with concrete and mixed it with water. Jan was trying to build a new patio in her backyard.
Sasha gave a puppy she had up for adoption because she couldn't keep it.
Casey cleaned the yard all day and sat down for a rest.
Tracy gave Aubrey a hug and it lasted for a long minute.
Casey thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The reviews were right about the place.
Remy started a diet but didn't know what to get from the grocery store.
Carson was very angry with Kai and told her to go away. Kai left him alone.
jordan held the usher in check because the usher was being rude to everyone.
Bailey yielded Sydney income in huge amounts after helping the business succeed.
Aubrey went to the store to buy some items for her family.
Riley swam with their friends in his neighbords´s pool.
We've hired workers to help Carson with his car and it was stuck at his house.
bailey worked hard while sick so addison maximized bailey's profits for the day.
Remy was the hiring manager at a local hotel, so Riley called an applicant into the office.
Remy knew Aubrey the best out of all their friends.
Remy was getting a raise at work for their hardworking behavior.
Cameron finally hired a replacement but still needed to train her.
Taylor practiced every night the flute to become a great band leader.
Cameron turned and met Jesse's eyes just as the crash happened.
Skylar substituted another class for the math class when it was full.
Alex's car had stopped running because of the engine, so Alex pulled the engine apart.
Ash took advantage of Alex because Alex was a gullible person all the time.
Addison saw what was happening at the gas station across the street as she was leaving the bank.
Aubrey was apprehensive about going to the doctor. Aubrey finally went after some pressure.
Tracy served the ball really well and scored a point.
Sasha provided Addison with new job opportunities because Addison had been unemployed for a while.
Addison has been practicing dance for a long time. He decided to line dance in a competition.
Lee said something funny to Quinn and rolled Quinn's eyes.
Skylar slept better at home than how she is currently sleeping at the beach house.
Alex saw that Robin was choking and lifted his head so he could breathe.
Sasha took the family to the local state fair this past weekend.
Addison found Carson a place to stay while his place was getting painted.
Casey broke Cameron's kiss while they were on their date.
Addison wanted to go to the doctor to get her foot looked at.
Kendall's bike had been stolen but Lee was able to get Kendall's bike back.
Sasha knew that the school was low on pencils for the kids. Sasha supplied every pencil to the school for them.
Austin and Bailey were best friends and after Austin realised that Bailey was feeling under the weather, they took Bailey to the doctor to be checked out.
Cameron's friends did not want to invite Cameron for a picnic at the park.  Cameron would be mad.
Robin has ridden the bus one too many times in her life.
Addison maximized Bailey's total profits by doing a total financial overhaul.
Skylar sailed close to the edge of the cliff in the wind.
Bailey considered the statement seriously when they were told how good they do.
Bailey was really hard.
Since Skylar was very busy with the meeting, Cameron asked if she could use Skylars phone to play games while she waited for Skylar.
Sasha traced the paper for the material and put it in his bag.
Taylor expressed their position clearly to the opposing team that day.
Sasha fell and broke the bike and had to buy a new one at the store.
Cameron came from nothing. His success was even sweeter because of it.
Skylar spent time with Remy's family to try to find out where Remy had gone.
Alex was told what Remy wants as a present and then bought it at the store.
Sydney tried their hand at writing by getting some paper and some pens.
Remy hung a picture. Remy found the picture to be soothing.
Jesse held back the dog so that it wouldn't trample the children.
Carson wrote Ash's letter to help him out with it.
Sydney turned Jordan's face away from the wreck to not upset them further.
Bailey sent their kids to the schools to get better education instead.
Quinn found enough money to help Robin move to the city so they could get a better job.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley. Riley looked up to Bailey but Bailey harldly ever spoke to him.
Kendall decided to go for it and ordered their salsa extra hot.
Bailey spent a lot of her own money on a homeless shelter in town.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job after she asked to borrow money.
Addison had to study all night and he started an hour ago.
Casey was in the library and went and got the book she wanted to read.
Sydney found a magazine to read and read it with giddiness.
Jan had sat for a long time and her foot feel asleep, so Jan shook her leg.
Sasha played hide and go seek with a group of young children.
Jan baked a batch of cookies and got them just right.
Robin had to leave work early for personal reasons and could not finish their duties, so Casey finished Robin´s work.
Sydney locked herself out of her house and had to drive to her sister's to get her spare key.
Casey rendered every image and put them in a book to share with the others.
Austin announced that Addison is expecting their baby in 9 months.
Robin was always late, making planning with him to be a pain.
Skylar divided people into classes so the students could learn more easily.
Remy spent any money they had on groceries for dinner.
Skylar was going on a trip and wanted Tracy to meet her. Tracy met Skylar at the station she promised to be at.
Carson got their old friends together for a reunion, after having not seen each other in years.
Ash likes painting so much it became a way of life for them.
Remy took money to their mom to help her buy some food.
Taylor read online articles to learn all about things she didn't know.
Kendall decided to put Addison's work into action because she had great ideas and a good 5-year plan.
Remy called the employee into the office to question them about the stolen money.
Alex put their things on the floor and assumed someone else would pick them up.
Carson held it together when he saw his ex girlfriend walk in.
Riley picked Robin's brain about his ideas on starting a business.
Sasha told her friends a secret about her brother that she was not supposed to share.
Kendall attended the event after waiting in line for tickets all day.
Austin went to the bakery and bought a cookie. They shared their cookie with a friend.
Ash paid dividends of nine percent of yearly earnings to all the investors.
quinn was a farmer so she fed the chickens everyday.
Jan really applied theirself to their school work and as a result got an A+.
Carson kept Tracy alive by giving Tracy CPR and performing mouth to mouth resuscitation on them.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble about how to solve the math problem correctly.
Riley took Jan inside the house and made them a nice snack.
Carson put his dirty clothes on the front seat of Jan's new sports car.
bailey did not have time to wait for the new interns to finish so she finished their report for them.
Skylar took Riley's sounds advice into action and saw their life iprove.
Robin was washing the dirty dishes after making dinner for their family.
Remy was having a birthday party that Saturday. Remy invited all of his friends over to attend.
Quinn sent messages to their boss asking for help about their work projects.
Jordan sold books for a living on ebay.
Skylar called Bailey by name because they had become close friends over the summer.
Cameron rubbed Taylor's eyes to help get the gunk out of the corners.
Lee brought their own car instead of carpooling since they liked the freedom to leave at any time.
Jesse kept their partner in the right frame of mind for the contest.
Sydney followed them home to play on the computer for a few hours.
Carson and Quinn were playing football on the ground and Carson hit Quinn's hips with the ball.
addison loved their hair too much so others sneaked into their room and cut it off one night.
Carson was making a breakfast so they got all of the ingredients they needed.
Remy enhanced their understanding by explaining in more detail.
Addison checked the guest list to see who needed to be invited to her party yet and called Lee and Jordan.
Skylar titled Kendall's head back to whisper the secret, and then proceeded to give Kendall every juicy detail.
Robin told Casey that they did not want to go to the mall with them.
Carson learnt how to sew while taking classes at the local community center.
Kendall heard a new band was coming to their town for a concert but instead of queueing at the box office Kendall bought the tickets online.
Cameron wanted to start a business in a new field as soon as possible.
Addison asked their mom for help after she had her baby in the hospital.
Jesse tip-toed into the room.
Jordan spilled the water all over after they poured the glass.
Cameron gave Austin some time to think about the offer he had made to her last night.
Tracy wouldn't let Casey inside after their fight and then Casey was kidnapped walking home.
Sasha resigned as Casey's chief of staff in her office after the scandal.
Aubrey had a big shopping day planned. Addison ruined Aubrey's day by telling her there was no money.
Alex heard something weird outside but became frightened and never looked.
Remy met all of Riley's neighbors before he moved in with her.
After training for several months, Kendall did the multi week triathlon around the world.
Sasha went to bed early because she wasn't feeling well.
Jan said no in a way that let everyone know she meant it.
Jesse didn't want to go, so he told his mom that Sasha was feeling sick, she had the flu.
Riley saved Jan's life from the house that caught on fire.
Sara howled in pain from the tiniest prick to her finger.
Taylor scrambled to leave the house but realized she lost her car keys at her grandmother's house.
Aubrey used to work a lot, but since having children, Aubrey spent all her time with their children.
Jordan said it another time as well and was sure no one heard him again.
Bailey layered the blankets over Carson when he was not feeling well.
Carson has a silver tongue and persuaded the cops to accept his request for a warning instead of a ticket.
Riley made a wooden furniture on her own. Riley sold it on ebay.
Riley didn't want to wear the same outfit as Ash, so they switched into a bodysuit with jeans.
Sydney wanted Kai to stay over for a sleepover, but Kai wasn't sure they were allowed to.
Cameron returned home from school to find that he was home alone.
Skylar got up early to be ready for their first day of school.
It was morning and Taylor got some coffee and a plate of waffles for breakfast.
Sasha gently touched their arm running the finger's over where the incision was made.
Robin grouped the collectible coins together for display at the show.
Sasha told Tracy she looked tired after Tracy showed up to work late and flustered.
Alex was determined to get big so Alex spent the morning at the gym.
Bailey happily accepted the gift even though they already had that item at home.
Tracy offered Carson the job because Carson was qualified.
Quinn helped teach Riley new things from her own education.
Austin finally saved enough to get a better apartment and he moved into the new house.
austin wanted to kill aubrey so he busted her head open.
according to the article Bailey sent their supplies to the schools.
Sasha fell down a flight of steps and Ash help her up.
Casey rode on the bike and decided to buy it since it was a great fit.
Taylor paid wages to the man after he made his lawn look perfect.
Remy loved the others and showed his affection regularly.
Jordan's friends needed to go to the store to buy things for a party.
Cameron was supposed to be Jordan's best friend, but he turned his back at him when he needed him the most.
remy saw an army booth and volunteered while they were at school one day.
Lee mad Quinn's approach down the ski slopes seem trivial in comparison to his black diamond moves.
Kendall knew a lot about world history. Robin wasn't doing well in class so she acquired Kendall's knowledge to do well.
aubrey thought the slavery of the children was wrong so he called the matter to the fact.
Tracy cast Robin's fishing line into the water because Tracy had never been fishing.
Kendall had been dieting and exercising for months, and finally met her goal. Kendall lost ten pounds.
Robin helped her friend Sasha feel better and they had a really good t ime.
Austin discussed every aspect of the assignment with his classmates.
Bailey chased Carson around until Carson got annoyed and left.
ash was irritated so he called the owner.
Aubrey took Cameron and their friends to the library so the could get books.
Skylar cast the first stone into the pond that skipped a ton.
Carson was failing his class but studied hard and made progress on the next test.
Every day Tracy gets home from work and orders a pizza for her family.
Aubrey supplemented Skylar's income to help her out a little bit.
Lee gave her time to charity. It made her feel good inside.
Lee spent all of Remy's money on the new investment for the IPO.
James was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy acted like a man when faced with certain death.
lee did not have money to pay the restaurant so he ran and never paid.
Lee painted my nails for free because I didn't have enough money.
After a long day of playing, Skylar took the kids home for a movie.
Carson rode fast down the hill on their bike and it was as fast as they ever rode.
Jordan had two tickets for Michael Jackson's concert and gave his friend one of them.
Alex had to figure out what to exchange with the name drawn from the hat. Alex had never gifted anything before so the process was a complicated one.
alex was the best at fencing, he defeated the whole team.
Bailey expressed their frustration freely to the entire class that day.
Remy offered to help them pack and prepare for their big move to the new house.
Addison was a very dediciated mayor, serving the village for years before retiring.
Riley watched sports on tv for a few hours and was very impressed.
Riley played tennis on the sunny day at the park.
Jan worked as a telemarketer and had funny stories. Cameron told Jan's stories to everybody.
Sydney concentrated on reading the card that she got from her daughter in the hands.
Casey urged Jan to take a leave of absence even though Jan wouldn't be allowed to come back to work.
Kai brought ice for the party and put it in the kitchen.
Bailey had lost home and has not been able to take shower. Bailey smelt really bad in an office.
Bailey was playing at the park when an ant bit her ankle, so she killed it with a stone.
Sasha took Skylar shopping and they liked the new clothes they got.
Sasha wanted to become a scientist but was concerned that they would not make the grades so they got a tutor to help and ended up spendig a bunch of money studying.
Cameron wanted money for Christmas so they got a job to increase their income.
Robin told Jesse the thing about the scary movie's twist ending that was scary.
Casey accidentally flushed their fish down the toilet and then tried to get it out.
Tracy built a cabin and retired there when she was old enough.
When Casey walked to the store, he saw a person running outside bleeding.
Taylor put ingredients in the pan to make the enchilada filling.
Addison left the casino after loosing all their money on big bets.
Jan enjoyed the movie at the theatre with her popcorn.
Casey had paced herself carefully for the climb, and eventually, Casey reached the top of the mountain.
Remy hunted with the hounds and caught a hare so the whole starving village could finally eat.
Riley caught Carrie picking their nose at their school during class.
Addison hugged their mom and wished her a happy birthday.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper the secret and they promised never to tell anyone.
Lee entered the room and realised there was a very heated debate going on but after listening to both sides Lee was able to settle the debate amicably.
Jan was being creative and started a blog with their friend.
Skylar bought a hamburger instead of the chicken when she saw the days specials.
Lee swept Bailey away when they went on a date.
Bailey studied history at the university but partied too much and failed all their classes.
Bailey pointed their finger at them and demanded an explanation from the others.
Ash was in a place he had never been. Ash began to look around at all the neat things.
Jan was saving Kendall´s money, but on Sunday Jan lost all of Kendall´s money at the casino.
Cameron missed his bus but found a way home.
Jesse had to get things for the house so she spent money online.
Lee made sausages for breakfast and it was very good and very big.
Robin wanted to be batman and had a batman cape to wear.
Her friend was sick and unable to go to the concert with her as expected, so Aubrey got autographs.
Quinn provided Remy framework for the contract and they won the contract without giving Quinn gratitude.
Riley had a test this morning. Riley was late for class and missed it.
Austin was having problems with the wheel of his automobile, so reinvented the wheel.
tracy was a prostitute downtown, so she met society's demands.
Riley made fun of Sydney for tripping hoping it would make him laugh.
Robin would help Jesse any time they needed it, and never refused to give a hand.
Robin noticed Aubrey's hair in their face all the time. Robin got Aubrey's hair cut.
Kai had been interested in Riley for a long time and finally got the courage to ask her to prom.
Kai gave Sasha a place to stay because Sasha was new in town and they had a mutual friend.
Lee wanted to donate at the cash register so they donated a dollar to the charity.
After visiting Canada, Tracy felt like maple syrup and strong whiskey.
Kendall Gave Taylor's flowers to her mom after Taylor picked them for her.
Bailey was driving. They stopped in front of Riley.
Austin also grabbed a drink to have with his dinner.
Carson found the doll next to the bed and went to see his sister.
Tracy kept Bailey company when they were bored.
Aubrey got their girlfriend from school so they could go to the park and swing.
Casey delivered Ash's message that he was running away to her mother and then Casey and Ash's mother cried.
Sasha had worked hard all her life, but now she could finally retire, because Sasha won the lottery.
Cameron took their friend to Japan and had fun on their trip.
Cameron sold Sasha's products at more affordable prices and undercut her profit margin.
Tracy handed Aubrey his head of cheese to eat later that night.
Remy sent Tracy word of Remy's newest book that Tracy had been anticipating.
Bailey went hiking in Alaska and took pictures of the bears they saw in the wild.
Jesse sent their kids to school on time everyday this year.
Remy got his exam back and saw he got an A and was happy the the studying had paid off.
Quinn sent Cameron flowers in an apology for what he did.
Addison made Austin act serious when Austin was making noise during the recital.
Aubrey wanted to make more money so she just got a new job.
Riley carried Aubrey's luggage far to help her out more.
Cameron tended to Aubrey's garden with some water a few times a week.
Kendall drove as fast as the car would allow so he could win the race for the grand prize money.
Tracy took part in the war to make sure they had a bright future.
Cameron practiced every word to get good at the spelling bee.
Alex's mother had disappeared.  Alex investigated every possibility of what might have happened to her.
Remy noticed a car had a flat tyre and the driver and passenger were trying to change it so Remy offered to help them.
Remy put change in her kid's wallet but her kid didn't show any reaction.
Is the poem related to the others and how would another poem be helpful for taylor .
remy brought together the group to make sure everyone was on the same page.
kai was a nice person so he made sure to give them a huge hug.
Lee was watching a match and no one was winning. It was Lee's turn and Lee also gave in.
After destroying the old bike in a collision with a car, Casey got a new one.
Aubrey and her husband was trying to get pregnant. Aubrey just found our that she became pregnant.
Tracy examine every inch after it ripped on her wedding day.
Aubrey was driven and focused, her primary goal was to win first place in the competition.
Cameron was on his fifth job in two months because he didn't like to work and this job was no different so he quit it too.
Alex bought Jordan a new one and wore the new shoes to the mall that day.
Carson saw that someone had spilled some juice all over the floor.
Cameron put the little Christmas tree outside so all his friends could put their ornaments on it.
Remy made a snack with very good ingredients.
Alex went to school and found out that he had made the honor roll.
Despite the idea being disliked by all the students, Jan increased students' homework.
Tracy grabbed Sydney's hand gently and pulled her out of the room.
Carson wasn't studying enough so Bailey layered Carson's hand with papers to study.
Austin knew a war was going to start soon. Austin put Kendall and tom to the war to serve their country.
Aubrey met a stranger on the train and they both talked for hours. Aubrey took kindly to the stranger.
Aubrey turned Sydney back from the door because it was cold outside.
It was going to storm and Jordan heard the wind at the door.
Quinn made some music and gave it to Bailey. Bailey played Quinn's music.
The attendant gave Carson the wrong prescription. Carson gave their medicine back.
Cameron found a way to the store after his car got a flat tire.
Sydney really hated them but she allowed the boys to play in her yard.
Kai was looking at museum items and saw them up close.
Remy was playing a game with Skylar. Skylar kept Remy's commandments.
Sydney ran the show into the ground after she became CEO.
Robin analyzed the case in terms of the law because she needed to make a reasonable defense.
Carson excluded every person because he wanted to be alone.
Alex mentioned something in passing to Skylar about her personality that hurt Skylar's feelings.
Lee married his high school sweet heart three times over the years.
Robin was bored at the house. Sasha took Robin to the store.
Casey set Remy's papers in order at their new job so they could start work.
Cameron told Addison she was an idiot so Cameron pushed her down and ran.
Cameron was well prepared for the test, and Cameron knew this fact well.
Bailey needed someone to watch over the house and asked their neighbour to come over.
Kai took their car to the shop and the workers there fixed it.
Even though they were a new teacher, Bailey gave the student detention. The student had been disrespectful to them.
Quinn read Kai's book on how to be able to sing.
After repeatedly trying to come up with excuses, Taylor eventually fixed Alex's roof.
Carson was a new painter that promised discounts to all the clients. Carson broke their word.
Casey spent the evening out with Jan when their days off finally matched up.
Alex took Quinn away. It was hard for them to say goodbye.
Sydney belonged to Cameron's group and new what they were suppose to do for the project.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's ashes in an urn so that he would always be around for Skylar.
Remy brought a bottle of fine wine to the party but not a corkscrew.
Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the sick dog.
Robin avenged their father's name by destroying everyone else's farms.
Cameron provided care to the children at the orphanage while they dreamed of having parents one day.
Quinn put gas in the tank after driving to the gas staton in town.
Carson immediately picked it without considering any of the other options.
Carson had never been deer hunting before and jumped at the opportunity to go on a hunt with an experienced shooter.
Allsion helped Ash to narrow his choices of Colleges he would apply to.
Skylar turned the light on in the kitchen to get a glass of milk.
Addison forgot Robin's birthday because she was busy with her job.
Sasha was very committed to succeeding developed Austin's attitude.
Lee delivered pizza to Austin's house because it was part of their job and they wanted a tip.
Jan spent the afternoon working and went home because they needed rest.
Kai changed men's money into stocks, which ultimately made more money.
Aubrey took Cameron's friend out and they celebrated with a bunch of drinks.
Kendall visited Sydney when Sydney was playing an online game. Sydney aroused Kendall interest.
Cameron killed Bailey on the spot after finding out that they were cheating on him.
Kai was under pressure and his company needed to increase profits and efficiency so Kai found a way and increased their production.
Robin provided comfort for Kendall's children after their house caught on fire one day.
Quinn went to the pub and had a few drinks and was the life and soul of the night, everyone said Quinn was fun last night.
Kai blew on the scalding bite of food on his fork to kingdom come.
Ash had to much stuff and decided to clean up and donate some things to charity.
Jesse is addicted to playing violent cloud based video games.
Ash wanted to start a business but didn't have the initial capital to get started.
Remy worked hard before the track meet. Remy was prepared and ran great until the 10th lap.
Ash had a bad day when she got fired from her job.
Alex said hello to Sydney and hugged them and told them they loved them.
Cameron rubbed Tracy's cheek and then leaned in for a kiss.
Ash wanted Jan around so he asked her to stay.
Sydney told Jesse they could do the yard work and they would be paid for it.
Ash was doing a report at work and used pins to represent locations on the map.
Quinn required Alex's effort to complete their work so he called her and asked her to come in.
Someone was nervous about jumping off a diving board. Tracy persuaded the person to go off.
Lee was proud of Quinn and told them and Quinn raised their head up high.
Jan went home and changed. But she had to wait until her work was completed.
Ash hadn't seen Alex in years and decided to visit them.
Ash gave Remy much love and she returned it whole heartedly.
Quinn drank a lot of alcohol while they were out at a party.
Aubrey took her right back to the store to return the dress she had stolen and Aubrey made Sydney explain herself to the clerk.
Riley was very thirsty so they went into the house to get some water.
Sasha had just won tickets to watch the Red Sox on opening day in April.
Carson added the guests to the list so that he could figure out how much food was needed.
Robin placed an order at Burger King and Jordan got this and had to fill it.
Sydney bent Lee's ear to tell them a secret.
After questioning Addison for hours about her missing bracelet, Addison told Riley she did not know where it was.
Robin visited Jordan's father's grave in order to pay their respects with Jordan.
Addison currently embarked on a project siphoning her money even the two loans she was granted.
Alex tripped over his clothes looking for something clean to wear. He was out of milk and clean dishes, and had no time to eat. Alex went to school.
Sydney sparked Kendall's interest in science by showing them an experiment.
Lee sent them to the principal's office because they were in trouble.
Sasha made their decision and decided that they were going to go to McDonald's.
Casey got the things together so they would be prepared for school.
Carson hurt another dog. Carson was rotten and evil.
Jesse made Alex impression memorable planning out their first date.
Carson put himself in Aubreys shoes to get his sense.
Austin lived in the same house his whole life and refused to move.
casey set remy's house in order so remy would be free to do other things.
ash was hurt so she decided to sue her boss for neglectful behavior.
Skylar was killed by a stray bullet that came out of a gun.
Jesse wrote a note on the board to inform the students that there is going to be a pop quiz at the beginning of class.
Carson decided to visit a new restaurant for dinner. There Carson ate delicious food.
remy got into a fight and took a licking but kept on ticking.
after month of listenning to her mom, Cameron  finallycleaned the fridge. It took her hours, but she did a good job.
Quinn finally agreed to the contract to mow the teacher's lawn for the summer.
Riley was at the beach with friends.  They had fun.
Ash expressed Kai's concerns clearly while representing Kai in a civil lawsuit against a pharmaceutical.
Casey is out to eat with family. Casey orders fried okra.
Bailey watched Taylor's favorite show evethough she was not interested in it.
Quinn based their ideas on the principles that they had learned from the academy.
Jordan went along to get along and did that for quite a while.
Remy wanted to celebrate her graduation from high school.
Bailey used her strength to control the machine.
Showing me how to work the machine properly, Sasha made my way much easier.
robin needed someone's input so she asked kai's opinion on the outfit.
Skylar got a trophy and told others that they needed it to feel good.
The seats got built-in on but was too expensive for her to afford so she had to get a credit card.
Sasha resigned from Casey's office because they were retiring.
Quinn shut his mouth after saying something very ignorant.
Addison loved being on the water in her boat. She planned on being out for the morning, but Addison fished all day.
Austin needed Lee to offer some assistance on a project for work.
Kendall did not know the answer so she asked Cameron and got his answer.
Quinn met a new man at the dancing class that could keep up with her tango.
Kai worked as unto the Lord at work when things didn't go right and his association with his boss, Sydney,  increased and increased his pay.
Sasha was no longer friends with them after the mean prank that night.
Casey sent Lee a package after a fight, but Lee sent it away.
kai found one for sale at the store when he was looking for a new laptop.
Jesse hit a woman on the road and she got very hurt by the impact.
Jordan usually went to school late and missed so many things.
Jesse talked to Casey about what they were going to do for Halloween that year.
Carson was a small action figure. Carson put Kai in a jar.
alex needed some money so he sold his old phone.
Ash made a snide comment about what Addison was wearing. Addison gave Ash a look.
Bailey jumped through hoops to get that promotion only to find it did not come with a pay raise.
Sydney gave her roomate Aubrey money to pay her portion of the rent.
Quinn hurried up to the joint and saw Skylar soon as he got there.
Kai saw their friend Lee crying in the park earlier today and came to their rescue.
Casey always keeps her promises so she met Sasha after the show even though she was tired.
Jesse let their friends come to the party and everyone had a good time.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming a waitress because they felt the pay was bad.
Jan fell off the turnip truck while it was driving down the street.
Riley used the tool in a way that nobody had seen before.
Lee put Cameron's plan into effect. It was a solid plan that was thought out in advance.
Bailey loved her friends dearly that she has known most of her life.
For his birthday, Riley treated her son to dinner at his favorite restaurant. Her son thanked her and said he had a wonderful birthday.
Bailey faked being sick so she wouldn't have to take her math test at school.
A stranger was staring at Kendall from across the mall, making her feel angry.
Jordan used Taylor's advice and finally made headway in the project.
Remy pleaded Bailey's case in the intense court battle of the century.
Robin is a veterinarian.  Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the sick dog.
Lee was thinking about giving a bonus to the best salesman. Lee gave nobody a bonus.
Remy asked what Tracy thought about the new apartment she bought.
Kai said the fish tasted weird when it was cooked on planks.
Ash spent time with her friend because she likes to hang out with friends.
Quinn told Alex to go look for some diamonds in the mine.
Casey is Cameron's best friend and it was a huge surprise when Casey started dating Cameron's father.
Cameron had a sweet tooth and wanted a snack, so Cameron ate cookies.
Kendall increased their income so that they could afford to buy furniture and appliances.
Remy leaves one in a better mood after kissing her boyfriend on the lips.
Taylor supported their argument with more objective evidence.
Quinn also gave a smile because the scene was very funny and entertaining.
Alex remodeled Carson's bathroom without their permission and they hated it.
Robin was crying because she just heard that she would be losing her job but Kai was there to wipe away her tears.
bailey worked hard all day and was finally coming home from work.
Jordan and Jan got into an argument. Jordan swung at Jan and punch their teeth.
Robin made Bailey's acquaintance at a conference and invited Bailey to interview at their company in a different city.
Quinn was at a loss when it came to the party, but Alex gave Quinn an idea.
Robin baked cookies all day in her new bakery.
Addison put a backpack on herself, and then walked up a very large mountain in a desert.
Ash borrowed the money to get a ticket home to see his mother.
Riley borrowed the sweater from their friend Casey because it looked so nice.
Sydney is a meter maid, and just wrote a ticket.
Ash used an X to represent the treasure on the map that they had of the area.
Sydney didn't know how to look professional for the interview, but Kai helped Sydney with her look.
Sasha spent a lot of time studying for the GMAT.
Kai's hair was growing really long. Sasha decided to give Kai a nice haircut.
Addison put Kendall's work into action, which made Kendall very successful in the long run.
Jan got a new watch but it was broken already and needed to be fixed.
Addison was congratulating Tracy for their work in the military. Addison dedicated Tracy's work to the service.
Kai was frequently full of energy and always played.
After reading so many blogs online the past month and following influencers, Jan started a blog with her friend.
Bailey developed a disdain for Quinn with interest in one of his best friends instead.
Alex never looked at his mother when she yelled at him.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction in their relationship because they care a lot for them.
Jordan realized it was chilly outside and wore a sweater instead.
Remy asked Taylor the reason for her change of heart and Taylor knew that the reason would be hurtful to Remy.
Robin took the money to the counter because she was in too much of a hurry to wait in line.
Cameron turned Taylor's face into a zombie with special effects makeup.
Carson derived their powers from the consent form.  They become very controlling.
Kai opened Quinn's mouth. Quinn was in the hospital and needed help eating.
Addison got married today and had a beautiful ceremony and reception out on the beach.
Aubrey asked Tracy a question about what would be on the upcoming test.
cameron was in remy's garage and saw remy's dad for the first time.
Robin patted Bailey's hand and had to go to lunch for an hour.
Alex would eventually learn the truth about the fact that he was adopted.
Kai saw trust in Remy's eyes so he kept her secret as he promised he would.
Cameron ate Italian food.  It was their favorite food.
Casey extended Tracy's hand during the massage, stretching out the tense muscles for relief.
Sasha gave their cashier a raise and had a good time giving that raise.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat but to avoid it because it is really mean.
cameron was a good and fair teacher so he divided the children into classes.
Jesse took her brand new car to the mall and told her friends to meet her there.
Remy made her decision to not go with the family to the lake this summer.
Remy persuaded the judge to change his sentence so that he would not have to go to jail.
During the race, Riley pushed Bailey out of the way in order to reach the finish line first.
Carson sent Tracy's academic books to college because Tracy had forgotten them at home.
Sasha wanted to fight Aubrey so Aubrey did not show up to school again.
Jesse didn't like Addison's neighbors so he avoided contact with them.
Kendall played a part that night after doing everything in their power not to.
Taylor needed some extra things for their party. Taylor decided to make their purchases at the general store.
Tracy changed my life after helping me get the job of my dreams.
Casey thought she would be late to work when her chain broke but Kendall got Casey's bike fixed.
Sydney got a very bad grade on the math test that she took.
Austin lost ten pounds when he tried a new diet.
Austin took a look at the dent in the car and decided to try and fix it.
Lee spent all of Remy's money on candy at the store.
Riley attained their ends as they were learning the new science.
Kendall and Sydney were in long time abusive relationship. Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt to leave the relationship by hitting Sydney very hard.
Sasha told the class to join her in singing a really good song.
Casey couldn't handle the heat anymore so he decided to buy an air conditioner.
Tracy though they might want to borrow her SCUBA equipment for their vacation.
Remy checked the weather forecast online after waking up in the morning.
Bailey asked Olivia to come to their party. Bailey knew they would come.
Cameron had a stab at the question because others in the class had trouble answering it.
Lee made Jan move out of the way so they could get to the fridge.
Carson decided to throw a party and invited everyone along for the ride.
Quinn let them have it all. He knew they needed it more than he did.
Cameron lost Kai's keys when they were at the beach.
Alex kept the fire under control and ended up saving a lot of lives.
Bailey cut it when they were trying to climb the fence and break into the warehouse to steal things.
Taylor got their kids in trouble with the others at the park.
Quinn went to the car lot and bought a car. They owned a car.
Jesse got evicted because he didn't pay rent.
Jordon got lost while walking through a new Las Vegas casino.
There were only two pieces left for dad when the dog jumped up to eat it, but Skylar saver his father's bacon.
Aubrey was creeping around the haunted house looking for someone to scare, when she saw her friends and grabbed them from behind.
Kendall ate old sushi and wound up spending the night on the toilette.
Tracy coordinated Kendall's efforts in directing the student to do their task.
Casey loved tacos and made them at least once a week on Friday nights.
Casey liked Aubrey now that Aubrey made amends for past wrongdoings.
Tracy couldn't get outside to mow the grass since she was sick. Jan mowed Tracy's grass for her.
Sydney was in charge of designing and making all the outfits for the dancers.
Carson acted as the spokesperson for the group and transmitted the message.
Riley grabbed his keys and left his child alone at home.
Aubrey went to church, sat in a pew, and prayed without ceasing.
Kendall got straight A's in her senior year at school.
In the abandoned building Carson took a look around but heard sirens.
Carson had a heart attack and decided to live one moment at a time.
Ash's good friend Pat was running for local the local election.  Ash had alot of contacts so used their influence to support Pat.
Austin and Cameron went out to dinner and each ordered a meal. Austin finished his meal and Cameron did not. Austin asked Cameron if he could finish his meal.
Jan was everybody's favorite babysitter because she would play games with children.
Quinn took Bob aside and told him that she noticed how hard he has been working lately and appreciates his effort at his job.
Sydney gave the car the right oil so that it would run smoothly until the next oil change.
Casey begged her parents for a new phone because hers was broken.
Mason was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney scrambled eggs for breakfast and shared them with everyone.
Bailey built a better mousetrap that was much more effective at catching the mice.
Casey came to town hall and got the forms needed to apply for a driver's license.
Addison had been up all night studying for exams because she took school very seriously, but at 3am she finally decided she needed to go to sleep.
Bailey, an A+ student, applied for the internship of a lifetime and Tracy afforded Bailey the opportunity.
Skylar was in the school play, but didn't go to practice and lost her part.
Kendall made Casey fill out the application knowing she was qualified for the position.
Taylor said that they wanted to get a cat for Kai's birthday.
Taylor could not deal with their emotional problems. Taylor got counseling.
Sydney had been driving over the speed limit, so Carson wrote Sydney a ticket.
Taylor saw that Lee fell so they called Lee's mom.
Remy worked for Casey and regularly minded Casey's business when Casey was out of town.
Jan experienced the worst customer service at the store. Jan vowed never to return there.
Riley was going to knock on the door to meet her step sister.
Jesse was out running errands when she had to go to the bathroom. Jesse came all the way home to go.
Tracy looked fun in the family photos last year.
Kai went to their local shelter and adopted a new dog.
Carson saw someone fall down during the race. Carson immediately stopped running.
Kendall listened to Alex's music during the trip even though she didn't like it.
Addison knew someone and wanted to make sure they were ok when she saw them struggling.
Casey and Taylor were wrestling. Casey rolled onto Taylor's back.
Aubrey lost her ability to sing when she gave up on her dreams.
Sasha the dachshund hated going to the vet and getting her nails cut. But Sydney, the technician, always petted her and gave her lots of treats while she did it.
Austin asked for peace and quiet so they could study, so Casey stopped bothering Austin.
Quinn was playing with friends in the street. Abruptly, Quinn's friends turned to look up at the sky in unison. Quinn also turned.
ash had a business idea so he used the paints for purposes.
Jordan ate all of Sydney's food they cooked for them.
Lee caught the football in the air with their hands.
Remy invited friends over to play some games for a few hours.
Lee was eager to see Quinn to tell them the news. Lee rushed upon Quinn's house.
Skylar could tell Lee that Lee is being insolent and solipsist, but Lee doesn't care.
Ash got Quinn's name out of the phone book.
Kai always had a sweet tooth, it was a hard day so he bought some ice cream.
Remy took the boat out on the lake so that they could go fishing.
Taylor made Ash's home look nice with a fresh coat of paint.
Carson put his drink on Jan's car right before they were about to leave the driveway.
Casey stopped for Ice cream after taking a long post dinner walk.
Robin and Kai had been friends for a few weeks. They went to the movies and Kai appreciated that Robin always drove to do fun things.
Taylor played video games for hours everyday. Taylor beat all the opponents and kept the highest score.
Jordan paid Jan's share of the ticket price to be nice.
Lee wanted to clean Kendall's room while he was at the camp.
Jordan controlled their own behavior. They believed in iron self control.
Jesse ruled okay in the discussion and the project started to begin that day.
Jordan was the best salesperson at their company, because Jordan created consumer awareness and positive reviews.
Sydney followed their brother home when they were driving one afternoon together.
Remy didn't like the taste of soda or any kind of sweet drinks. Remy always drank water.
Evelyn was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin left their soccer team so they could spend more time with their family.
Sydney made fun of Aubrey's accent because he wasn't used to hearing it.
Riley changed the colors of all his accessories when he changed soccer teams.
Jan placed an obstacle in the way after they cleaned the floor.
carson gave their friends a hand so that the task could be accomplished properly.
Taylor taught every class that day because the other one was sick.
Remy made a batch of cookies but accidentally burned them in the oven.
Kai was good at teaching self control, and produced resistance in men who were addicted to sex.
After Cameron offered some cookies to Jordan several times, Jordan ate Cameron's cookies and said they were good.
Remy put cream of Lee's face to help the dry skin clear up.
quinn needed good vision of the audience but kai acted in quinn's way.
Kai invited the family to dinner but he realized he was not wearing any clothes.
Alex got fed up with teaching and wanted to go on sabbatical.
Quinn enjoys running a few miles every morning. When the weather is good Quinn swims laps in the pool.
Jesse was finished with the task and wanted to do another.
Bailey took the matter into their own hands and got the person's money back for them.
Addison returned home that evening after a fun day with their friends.
Addison studied a lot and got good grades.
Bailey wrote a paper for Addison's english class because he had a crush on her.
Carson went right back after changing his clothes at home.
quinn became taylor's pal.
Kendall took more than twenty minutes to get ready for the big dance tonight.
Lee forgot their lunch money, so Sasha gave Lee some money.
Cameron held the important documents delicately do they wouldn't damage them.
Sasha was throwing a party in her new condo which they bought a month ago.
Ash needed a few extra things and had to stay home, so they sent their son to the store.
Tracey had a crush on Riley and decided to learn how to mountain bike to impress him; she knew Riley's favorite thing was mountain biking. They go on rides together all the time now.
Austin waited on Sasha to go to the movies and then they went.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to sit and was proud and wanted to continue.
Taylor bit Austin's lips with her own teeth.
Sasha tried to fight her friend Aubrey after she learned about a mean note.
Remy cooks rice after getting a new rice cooking appliance to try.
Quinn bought enough time when trying to estimate how long the call would last.
Robin called the authorities when she got home from work.
Skylar bought a new pet dog and brought it home to their family.
Lee gave Kendall the best, most loving advice they could think of.
Alex invited Sasha's friends over, but Sasha's friends made a mess.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to sing in front of the entire audience last week.
Kai was crying uncontrollably over her break up with her boyfriend and when Tracy saw this she immediately began to console her.
Jordan gave something to the homeless man because a snow storm was coming.
Sasha only speaks Spanish. Quinn knows how to speak Spanish.
Kai knew Addison's history. They knew all of their secrets.
Carson raised another dog up from the dead when he heard Jack's dog had died.
Sasha led the team astray by telling them to cheat, rather than get better with practice.
Lee gave Remy water to restore her to health.
Aubrey shared her beliefs with her friends on twitter.
Jan treated life differently after she was involved in a bad wreck.
Sasha took Sydney's family for granted and often stole things from them.
Skylar kept tabs on his family and communicated with them frequently through social media.
bailey asked their neighbor a question about how they could do something nice for other community members.
Tracy has been sick with a runny nose. She has been carrying tissues with her to blow her nose.
Lee took Alex's time sheet and marked that she was there when she wasn't.
riley's friend accidentally punched her in the face, but riley forgave her friend.
Lee hired his friend on the spot and they made a lot of money that year.
Remy got Taylor's bearings fixed on her old bicycle.
Remy is an intellectual who dumbs down his speech around coworkers to avoid making them feel inferior.  One night at a coworker party, Remy got drunk and began explaining Einstein's theory of relativity to random people.
Austin gave Robin reason to pursue on with her dreams of being an artist.
Alex was done eating his dinner so Alex took the dishes to the sink.
Robin told Jesse the secret that she was keeping all this time.
Sydney ended the day buy giving the dog a bath and a treat.
Casey orders fried okra at a restaurant that just sells meat based products.
Robin asked a question and Jesse opened his mouth to speak.
Aubrey was at work talking with their coworkers and showing them photos of their new puppy. After four photos, Aubrey showed another one.
Remy persuaded the person to change after she spilled wine on her at her dinner party.
Jan was getting their blood pressure checked. They fell in the range of being healthy.
Skylar had always been a weird person but he had gotten worse recently.
Casey had dinner at Riley's house both nights last weekend.
jordan was locked up in a prison for robbery but he managed to escape.
Tracy flew the flag while she and friends were at the Independence Day parade.
Kai bought Remy ice cream after school because she did a great job on her test.
Cameron walked there from school on the way home so that they could get some ice cream.
Quinn bought their friend lunch to return the favor that was brought to them.
Bailey went faster than anyone else in the race and won.
Addison caused trust in animals.
Sasha took a back seat to her bosses requests since he was in charge.
Jesse told a whopper of a story to his friends but they didn't believe it.  Jesse ended up with egg on his face.
Cameron wanted to go to a new home and sold their old one.
Skylar confessed about their secret engagement before Jesse's father. The father was displeased with the news.
Lee raised and conquered armies and he wanted to take over the whole land.
Jack was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin found bunches of leaves in their yard and was frustrated that the long was unfinished.
Jordan laid eyes on Ash.  They wanted to date Ash.
Ash recovered their senses for the breach. They were ready for anything.
Alex took Aubrey to the store for two hours so they could buy everything needed for their new kitchen.
Taylor politely asked for the answer to the important question about the climate of Earth.
Kendall asked their teacher questions in class after getting confused.
Carson was talking to Cameron's sister after school. Carson told Cameron's sister they were pretty.
Bailey made Taylor count the inventory again after Taylor messed up.
Casey helped for Aubrey's administration at work to help out.
Remy did Lee's makeup and hair to get Lee ready for her interview with Jimmy Kimmel.
Ash helped their team score the winning goal.
Lee left Austin's house when it is was midnight.
Alex put Tracy to bed because it was already getting late.
Cameron began acting very unusually and dramatic. Remy gave Cameron the benefit of the doubt.
Austin killed another deer with their car on accident even though they love animals.
Addison set Carson's phone alarm after Carson was late for work one day.
Taylor let their stay last longer so the fun will continue .
Skylar supported Remy's claim despite knowing that Remy had made it up.
Riley realized that his dog's hair was started to get matted and tangled so he scheduled an appointment with the groomer.
Kendall met Robin's family and was happy to accept an invitation to dinner.
Sasha sent Alex a message about the get together.
Tracy took Skylar prisoner so she could serve out her sentence.
austin was putting a tattoo on riley so he called her back wide.
Carson ground Quinn's hips and they wrestled for a good hour before they tired out.
Carson really needed a root canal, but didn't have enough money to afford one.
Alex pulled the desk apart to throw it away at the dump.
Jesse ruled okay for such a worshipped king.
Quinn drove down the highway and saw a rare bird on the side of the road perched on a pole.
Austin wanted to go to the amusement park, so Austin begged and begged.
Cameron took the money to work after his house was robbed.
After realizing that the shirt wasn't his size, Austin placed the shirt back.
Sasha practised hard and on the day of the competition they blew Remy out of the water.
Kendall didn't remember the person so Quinn provided Kendall a picture.
Jesse was gangling their life savings at the casino in Vegas.
Ash held the cross in the church to the amazement of all the parishioners in attendance.
Robin raised their level of understanding after a hard week of teaching.
Since their mom dropped them off a bit early on her way to work, Robin always started school early.
Lee asked Remy to look after their dog. Remy left Lee's dog in the park because they were forgetful.
Addison got their story straight before they had to tell what happened.
Kendall helped Casey work on their application.
Sasha had time to pay the big dinner and enjoyed the dinner that night.
Skylar had known Bailey a long time and had given Bailey a nickname.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers across the keys waking up from the dream.
Quinn had gotten lost while trying to travel to another city.
Remy wrote Skylar a not asking if they could play after school.
Sasha bought shoes for the prom at her high school.
Riley lined their pockets with spending money for their trip.
Remy asked Kendall out on a date even though he just met her.
Riley defied every order and followed her own plan.
Bailey's friend had a cat that got pregnant and gave birth five kittens. Bailey got one of them.
Aubrey went over Sasha's head to their boss when Sash didn't agree with her.
Jan had been learning to talk from Sasha. Jan used Sasha's language.
Addison apply the recommendation so the company got a higher profit for it.
Carson played soccer at a professional level later in life against other teams.
Casey used her looks to get a guy fired from their job for something she did.
Remy looked her parent in the eye and told them she was gay.
After falling off of the roof while repairing it, Riley was examined closely by Ash.
Kai bent every wire to prepare the fence for staking.
Tracy worked several hours of overtime at the office to make the Cameron evaluation better.
taylor was always looking for a way to make money so he sold cookies.
Jesse was taking a long time to organize their office at work and the boss was waiting.
Carson marched to the beat of a different drum, which made a lot of other kids make fun of them.
Carson won Riley's confidence after doing such a good job on the major project.
Jordan got rid of the mess altogether despite the roommates being the ones who made it.
Robin sent his friend a letter in the mail.
Taylor sold cookies in an effort to earn money for a new bike.
Cameron turned over on the couch when the heard Remy walk in the room.
Ash knocked at Jan's door to tell them that they had won the grand prize.
Skylar gave their son food for breakfast every morning that was healthy.
Skylar applied their will unto Sasha because skylar was in a position of power over sasha.
Alex provided food to the homeless people who were staying in the local shelter.
At the housewarming for Jesse, Kai helped out and served Jesse's friends well with plenty of tasty appetizers.
Casey had no money to spend but decided to buy new clothes anyways.
Addison borrowed her friends' camping gear to go camping for the weekend.
Jan was bored at school, so they would play games in class.
Kai pumped Quinn's tires because there was a flat.
Riley called Jesse today to invite them to a party that evening for dinner.
Jordan was a preacher. Jordan said a verse another time as well.
Aubrey loves to fish and enters a fishing competition. Aubrey wins first place and gets their largest fish mounted as a prize.
Jesse called the nurse into the room when their mother finally woke up after being attacked by a stranger.
Riley began to sing with the others when she was old enough to join them.
Taylor wanted to see what Skylar's hands felt like. Taylor pressed Skylar's hands.
Skylar and Ash were watching a horror film, Skylar tightenig Ash's hold when the scary bit came on.
Riley satisfied Jordan's wants. She had hoped for Riley's help but didn't want to ask.
Jesse is a teacher at an elementary school.
Jordan made a fool of Carson when Carson was very wrong in a meeting.
Jesses played pokemon go on Bailey's cell phone but accidentally dropped it and broke.
Sydney was such a beautiful woman the gravity of her presence turned Austin's head.
Skylar enhanced Tracy's understanding of the cultural significance of the women's suffrage movement.
Alex governed every person in a way that everybody was treated equally.
Tracy took the boat out onto the river on a sunny day.
Kendall broke both of Robin's legs when they were having a big fight.
Austin made the turn quickly.
Before entering college, Riley promised her parents she would maintain a 4.0 GPA. It was safe to say at graduation that, "Riley attained her goal".
according to the article Remy realized fully the situation.
Taylor got her friends in trouble by telling the cops about the graffiti.
Quinn learned to play drums in his spare time between volunteering for the homeless and studying for school.
Remy always drank water after a long run in the sun.
Kendall let go of her mom's Riley's hand to run up and down the store aisles.
Skylar is Tracy's boss and Tracy likes working for Skylar.
Casey went over to Jan's house and got the trash to throw away for her.
Cameron knew that they were up for a big promotion in the fall.
Lee was admitted to hospital with tonsilitis so Jordan got Lee's things and brought them to the ward.
Austin hung out with Quinn's friends rather than his own.
Jordan was a bard tender. Jordan drank one night.
Kendall wanted Jan to answer the question about what they wanted for dinner.
Skylar went somewhere during rush hour. They got stuck in traffic.
Taylor had been at her job awhile so she served the guests better than before.
Jesse took the wallet in Kai's hands and ran off quickly.
Addison was called into the principal's office about what had happened. Addison explained in detail the situation.
The boy handed the letter to Riley and Riley thanked him for Bailey's letter.
Bailey put away the dishes after they had spent time washing them all.
Austin reached their goals by working diligently.
Bailey was doing an elaborate hair style on Robin for her wedding, so Bailey pushed Robin´s hair to style it.
Sasha asked where Casey was going dressed up like that.
Addison saw their aunt when they went on vacation.
Aubrey asked Skylar to be her wife even though Aubrey actually loved Susan more than Skylar.
Aubrey came home to pick Quinn up because she is her older sister.
Taylor opened Kai's own store yesterday. Kai has really been slipping lately and people aren't sure if she's on drugs or depressed.
Taylor enrolled in a new school because their family had recently moved to a new town.
Tracy met Taylor's parents at the dinner party.
Remy saw dust in Jordan's eyes after the explosion in the factory.
Addison had been feeling some odd symptoms for a few days, and they appeared to be getting worse, so Addison wanted to go to the doctor.
Remy rubbed Tracy's thumb after it was hurt when Tracy hit it with a hammer.
Jordan controlled his dog when a stray ran into the yard.
By committing the biggest robbery in history, Lee made their name in the paper.
Lee paid enough attention in school where they didn't have problems with their homework.
After being admitted to the hospital with a strange illness, Quinn came under Remy observation.
Taylor continued their efforts to make the collage they were making.
sydney was annoyed so she also gave ash hell.
Ash set Sydney to work on the new project they had to do.
Bailey explained the problem on the basis of math because it allowed greater precision than other approaches.
Ash didn't think he wanted his dog anymore, but then the dog got lost and Ash was sad.
Carson derived their political power from the consent of their current peers.
Taylor took my daughter to her dance class because I had to work overtime.
Despite not liking horror, Robin let their friend convince them to see a scary movie.
Quinn was having trouble coming up with ideas for the book report. Quinn took Carson's idea instead.
Because Remy volunteered to mentor struggling students after school, she felt good that she played a role in shaping them.
Jesse married their high school sweetheart last summer. Jesse lived happily ever after.
Riley painted their bedroom walls with some blue and some white paint.
Remy was studying all week for the exam and finally took Saturday off to rest.
Brooklyn was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron took a vacation from work and went to the beach.
Taylor chased the dog away by brandishing his walking stick because the dog started attacking people, luckily nobody is injured.
Cameron had a special way of looking and the movie and wrote a review.
Addison scheduled a show to attend with Casey in order to have some fun time.
cameron did not want to knock the boy out so he handled him with kid gloves.
Quinn took toys away from Jesse because Jesse kept disobeying the rules that Quinn had set.
Remy asked what Tracy thought. They knew they were a wise person.
Jesse accidentally burned the food while cooking a fancy meal.
On mile four of the marathon, Casey grabbed a cup from the booth and took a sip of water.
Bailey took the day off from work yesterday during the snow storm for the ages.
Addison thought Kendall was ready for the ball, but they were not and the ball left a nasty bump on Kendall's head.
Aubrey noticed Robin was alone, then brandished a weapon and took Robin's money.
Jesse was working a lot at his job. Jesse really looked forward to vacation.
Kai has a birthday coming up but does not want gifts.
Remy tried to help Addison get into the college.
Skylar introduced Jesse to their parents.
Robin had a new piano that wouldn't fit through the front door. Together with the movers, Robin set up a pulley to lift the piano to the next floor.
Jesse layered blankets back on the bed after washing them and drying them.
Lee accidentally left his small child Austin in the house when he left for work.
Kai wanted to be able to make homemade gifts for Christmas this year so he learned how to knit.
Alex got up early in the morning and left for school.
Bailey considered the offer seriously but then it was withdrawn because the other party found out Bailey was unfit.
austin felt lonely and needed companionship so she invited their boyfriend over for dinner.
casey was annoyed so he turned the radio off.
Casey crunched the numbers, but could not find a way to pay for the cruise.
Riley is an EMT worker, and just rescued Jan from a flipped car.
Austin told Addison's everything going on and it really annoyed Addison to no end.
Bailey learned to swim after having a scary incident in the pool.
Kai stayed home from school after realizing she was running a fever.
Ash returned to Alex's room after going to the store to get ingredients for the soup.
Carson knew the barber well and introduced the others to him.
Austin met the client's for lunch and was pleased with the deal that they made.
Riley had unprotected sex with his girlfriend nine months ago.
Quinn just bought a new trash compactor, so Quinn put garbage in the machine.
Jan really put the cart before the horse. She took out a huge loan with a ridiculous interest rate for that house with no way to repay it.
Skylar enjoyed listening to a wide variety of music.
Ash needed to get new health insurance, he compared all of his options with great care.
Kai taught english to the foreign students in his middle school class.
Even though it was getting late and Kai had to work early, Sydney wanted Kai to stay.
Bailey was getting older and lost a step in Bailey's ability to sprint.
Jesse produced Austin result successfully after reviewing the tapes for the 5 mile race.
Cameron took a nap lying down.  They actually needed to finish their homework.
Jan could tell Robin was interested because Robin started following Jan around and asking questions about Jan's research.
Carson loved the food that was being served at the buffet they are visiting and can't wait to eat.
Kendall got Casey's bike and crashed it, making Casey's parents mad.
Sydney used every effort to stop the approaching army from conquering the town.
Skylar paid the piper after the services were rendered at the party.
After years of friendship, one night after the party, Sydney set eyes on Riley.
Carson rode around on a bus so that they could get to the mall.
Sasha always got great grades in school but one day they failed a test completely even though they had studied hard for it.
Quinn went to the doctors to find out the results of his tests. The doctor told him he was going to die.
In exchange for driving him to dinner, Taylor created a drawing in Casey's image.
Lee started the day lat because they slept through their alarm so when they woke they realised they were late for work.
Austin fought for Quinn's life in their video game, Destiny.
Riley crossed the line at football practice yesterday after being warned not to.
Remy had not cleaned up their papers even though they were told to by Casey. Casey set Remy's papers in order.
Sydney had Jordan over for a study date in their room. Sydney picked Jordan's favorite music.
Bailey sent their supplies to the all the schools to help the students.
Kai was halfway to the finish line when she got a bad cramp.
Skylar called Bailey by her name and threw a rock at her.
Skylar had been doing good at work and felt confident.
remy was hungry and had hungry guests to serve so he cooked pasta.
Skylar followed him everywhere because she liked him.
It was Sydney's friends Birthday and Sydney made a gift special for her.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a dress. However, it turned out to be too big.
Alex turned back to Kendall and smile at them before leaving.
Carson got me a gift for my birthday when everyone else forgot about me.
Cameron gave Addison a very valuable diamond necklace for their birthday.
Sasha had just gotten paid for the week and gave the money to her bank in a deposit.
Remy established Taylor's organization because she wanted to help fight world hunger.
Remy got a new job and moved closer to safe on gas.
Ash sent their son to the store to get ingredients needed for dinner.
Even though their friend forgot Riley's birthday, Riley forgave their friend.
After lending a hand to their friends, Robin extended his help beyond the limits.
Ash gave Jan an opportunity by giving her a new job.
Riley told the person that they were fat even thought the person was not.
Lee knew everyone at the underground party.
Lee followed in Jordan's wake as they went skiing on the water.
Bailey put gas in their car before leaving for the road trip.
Jordan left their father's home as they went off to college one day.
Carson was in a car crash and got worked up and upset but after realising that everyone was ok and insurance would cover the damage, Carson put the problem in perspective.
Remy sent an invitation to all of Alex's friends about the big party this Friday at the local bar.
Alex snapped their fingers and all of the people began to pay attention to him.
Carson was having a hard day after work, so when they had dinner, Quinn put their arm around Carson for comfort.
Jordan fell asleep earlier than usual so he woke up early and planned a run but was not wearing any clothes.
Remy put makeup on Lee's face and then they woke up.
Remy wanted Carson's kids because she thought they were adorable.
Jesse played video games with their friends because they were sick of studying all day.
Sasha wanted to hang out but Carson was busy. Sasha texted Carson's friend insead.
Lee told their friends the tale their friend Skylar told them.
Kai had a big exam coming up soon. Kai spent some time reading a book.
Alex served Lee's apprenticeship when Lee could not do it himself.
Cameron showed Quinn that their business still shows the signs of life.
Jan was very tired, so to help her sleep, Tracy forced Jan's eyes closed for the night.
Kendall increased their income at the expense of others.
Lee drove Ash up the wall with their constant complaining and bickering.
Skylar always brought her lunch to eat something besides fast food.
Casey asked his friend if he wanted to go to the store with him.
Casey read aloud to Sydney before tucking her in bed that night.
Quinn obtained Aubrey's audience once the floor was yielded to them.
Jesse and the others completed their community service project yesterday and plan to celebrate.
Taylor lost power and to train to get stronger again.
Jesse was excited about his date and took longer than usual to get ready.
Sydney spent all morning wondering about their date tomorrow and what time.
Jordan hid Sydney's phone under a basket after he had warned her about keeping an eye on it.
Skylar got good at sport that year by practicing all the time.
kendall included the names in the list so the people would be able to know their jobs well.
Tracy called the dog that everyone loved back into the house where the party was happening.
Kai's mother grounded her when she saw Kai throw her trash into the water.
Kai is known to be a bit of a troublemaker. Aubrey didn't like Kai.
Addison kept their place in line to get the new shoes.
Kai wasn't sure what he wanted to dinner so Sydney offered suggestions. She got Kai to finally make up his mind.
Carson went to the mall and did some shopping with his girlfriend.
Sydney's mother couldn't make it to the carnival so she took her friend to the carnival.
Casey waited in a long line patiently without disturbing anyone.
Bailey made a spectacle of oneself and everyone laughed at her for the odd behavior.
Casey changed their course to a new one without asking them.
Riley turned the water on too fast and splashed themselves and the walls.
Alex had a party at her house with all her friends to celebrate their 18th birthday.
Ash brought Lee's family on vacation and was pleased to treat everyone.
Sasha won another game and was excited to play again.
Alex saw a school play he liked and he really wanted to be in it.
Jan took Robin's oath seriously when Robin promised to be the best policeman.
Taylor cut Casey's arm when he moved past her with the sharp metal.
Alex told Bailey to get a job because she wasn't paying for any of the bills.
Quinn had people who wanted to buy things from his store and he attended to their business.
Sydney made the dinner special for him on the day the met twenty years ago.
Sasha knew what would happened based on experience.
Remy wanted to have a girlfriend because he was tired of being alone. Remy dated his girlfriend for years.
jesse was told that his friend was suffering and jesse saw if he could help.
After spotting the large black widow spider building a web in the window, Skylar killed the spider.
After passing their exams, Sasha flew a commercial plane for the first time in their life.
Kai took a history class with a girl named Addison.
Ash loved Jordan enough to ask him to marry her on Valentines day next year.
Aubrey went with Remy to the park near their home.
Remy told the customer to mind their step in the store since the step was elevated.
Cameron ate Italian food all night and then got bad heart burn the next day.
Jordan and I went out to lunch as it was our one year anniversary.
Riley felt like they were being followed by a stranger.
Cameron wrote the story with intricate detail and it was bought by a publisher.
Taylor presented another movie even though the class was already bored of these types of movies.
Carson realized they had screwed up the monthly accounting and tried to fix their mistake.
Ash cared a lot about making money. They spent lots of time at work.
Lee expressed appreciation to Sydney by throwing her a surprise party during the weekend.
Kai did something special when they realized that the townspeople were having trouble.
Riley was away at boot camp and couldn't call Jesse, so they decided to write them a letter.
After his parents untimely death Kai was able to carry on with their business.
Riley gave Casey a report that they wrote in class, and Riley promised to read it that night.
Remy gave Robin a bad feeling, so Robin did what they could be stay away from them.
Lee helped Kendall move into his new apartment. Kendall thanked Lee for his help.
Casey raised Ash's children and they all had a good time in the house.
Aubrey followed Tracy into the room as they were getting ready to have a massage.
Addison made a mistake yesterday and today ordered what they usually ordered for lunch.
Jesse faced every fear.
Quinn agreed to try it, but they didn't like it, and said they'd never try it again.
Riley opened up the form because they were expecting a check in the mail.
Carson wanted to build an airplane model and was able to make it in his spare time.
Sasha expressed Skylar's words in exact terms so the people would hear them.
Lee had a big crush on Alex and Alex like him back.
Sasha ordered Skylar's food because she was taking too long in the restroom.
carson was a good public speaker, he put it all into perspective.
Casey was a bum who didn't like to do anything. Casey brought nothing to the world.
Kai rode his bike home from school at the end of the day.
Cameron discussed his plan in terms that everyone was able to understand easily.
Kai bought gifts for Quinn's family to repay them for doing Kai a kindess.
Jordan was failing math so they decided to hire Sydney to tutor them.
Taylor gave their mother a gift they made themselves for their birthday.
Tracy had a mouse in the house and needed to catch it. She put down traps and caught the mouse.
Quinn bought a gift for Lee's children when he visited the family.
Kai went out and got dinner for his family to eat later.
Casey dressed to go out and eat, and they looked fantastic for their date.
Kai minded her business when she walked past a couple arguing.
Elijah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Riley has always been a charitable employer who always treats her workers to good things.
Quinn married soon and went to the beach to celebrate.
Remy was a stalker. He followed Tracy home so he could see where she lived.
Sydney put Skylar in possession of the ball and watched as she ran down the field.
Tracy met her friend Kai at work. They exchanged numbers so they could make plans.
Sasha dated Quinn's girlfriend after they broke up and seemed to really hit it off.
sydney was a police officer so she provided free information to people.
Gabriella was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Bailey gave Austin tags for the sheeps when he was already busy doing a million things.
Addison found a purse at the mall. The purse was full of money and credit cards.
Jan married their high school sweetheart.  Jan spent the rest of their life with Quinn.
Jan is going on a field trip with their classmates to the ocean. They will be spending the day at a beach.
Alex loved it very much and went online to talk about it all night long.
Tracy took away the pain. Her friend thanked her greatly in the end.
Sydney usually ate the same things over and over. Sydney tried something different and had sushi.
Kai finally convinced the team and the others were pleased when they won.
Bailey only went to the party because Taylor said Bailey would.
Tracy supported Carson's case inside of the courtroom.
Tracy told Lee that she did not believe in her powers as a psychic reader.
Robin worked hard to be able to run as fast as Tracy and they finally reach Tracy's level.
Kai's friend made a joke and Kai found it funny.
Remy took his dog out on the lake for a summer swim.
Sydney loved art and got some supplies to make some art of her own.
Addison invited Cameron over to help make and eat dinner. Cameron checked Addison's fridge.
Skylar wanted to meet Alex for a long time, because she liked the way he looked.
Casey really loved Aubrey so he got her a new dress.
Taylor took pride in doing community service and helping those less fortunate than him.
Cameron had not seen a friend for a long time, so Cameron came with them for lunch.
Bailey had been working a lot and decided to go on vacation.
Lee asked Alex out on a date and he will pick Alex up from his house at 8 PM tomorrow.
Kai made dinner for everyone that was at their home during the holiday.
Casey bought an air conditioner to replace their broken one this summer.
Robin found clothes to buy and then brought all of them over to the counter.
Lee made it back to collage after two weeks of being sick.
Bailey had been working out with their team in the morning. Bailey felt sore.
Kendall's dog was trying to walk for the first time after surgery. Skylar helped the dog walk to Kendall's feet.
Alex saw a stranger drop $20 on the ground. He could have given it back, but Alex took the money.
Jordan said that she would go to the party with Riley that evening.
Remy went above and beyone to help Casey when she was in trouble.
Austin sent the boy to school so that they could learn more things.
Tracy tried to help Alex but led their existence nowhere.
Robin told my mom about the terrible accident that happened in the park.
Addison and finished washing the dishes and put the dishes away.
Jan allowed Austin access to the room so that he could work on their project.
Quinn stumbled on a rock and fell. Carson started worrying about Quinn's hips.
kai was going to make love to taylor so he removed taylor's clothes.
Lee defended Kendall after a group of girls tried to make fun of her.
Skylar impeded Quinn's progress in order to win the award for themselves.
Alex left together with his family after they found out about the fire.
Lee was trying to put his shirt in a save place, but instead he dropped his favorite shirt in a dirty toilet.
Remy was meeting Casey up north at their cabin, so Casey gave Remy directions.
Bailey and Jesse went to a chinese restaurant and read each other's fortune cookies starting with Bailey reading Jesse's fortune.
Addison knows a coworker is wearing the same old shoes every day because they can't afford another pair. Addison buys them two pair as a gift.
Sydney lived with Carson's parents while his own parents were out of the country.
Aubrey got their hopes up before finding out the truth.
Jordan saw a new movie and liked it a lot and laughed as well.
Tracey gave their friend trouble when they were talking.
Sasha had taken care of a friend while they were sick and now Sasha has a fever.
Tracy was sponging off Jordan and they were getting fed up so they told Tracy to get a job.
bailey was a kind person so she bought everything kendall needed.
Sydney felt like an outsider until her friends assured her that she belonged to Cameron's group.
Casey was a big fan of the singer. Casey met him in person backstage.
Sasha exported some rose bushes from Kai's state because they had a better variety.
Carson had studied all week before a big exam that was coming up.
Austin saw Bailey sitting there grinning at him. Austin grinned back at Bailey.
While Quinn used to be the star team member, these days they required Alex's effort to complete the work more.
Cameron was the lead in the church choir and Cameron sung the praises of the Lord.
Austin lied to Tracy. Tracy hurt Austin much worse by beating them up.
Jan put their finger on Jordan's back.
Sasha made a mistake and spilled their own Soda.
Alex which loved many people always gave Lee's son kisses before bed.
Riley really enjoyed singing because Riley loved being admired for her beautiful voice.
Austin was looking for someone to play chess with them and asked Lee.
Robin told Jesse the thing that bothered him about Robin.
Kai decided to ask Casey for directions to the mall when she was unsure of how to get there.
Tracy gave Jan permission to eat because she had waited a long time and was starving.
Austin was mad at Remy but reconsidered her decision to come over anyway.
Ash explained the situation to Kai and they decided what to do next.
Carson went to the ball game and ended up catching a foul ball a player hit.
Taylor knew Lee was too shy to apply for the opportunity, so he filed Lee's application for him today.
Ash asked Taylor to call her mother and tell her the bad thing she did.
Aubrey bought Alex a pair of shoes to have for school.
Casey delivered Ash's message last week but the person did not get it.
Aubrey made Lee go outside for a few hours to play with some friends.
Lee will have the house to themselves tomorrow since their dad just started a new job on the weekdays, so they decided to get the house in order.
Alex was better player so he took up Ash's position on the field.
Jordan did Sydney's hair and makeup in a very glam look for prom.
Remy lost Jesse's grip on the ladder so they fell down.
Casey did not like Aubrey anymore because she was annoying.
Cameron decided to splurge and bought every piece.
Tracy thought they might want to eat so she made some food for everyone.
Sydney helped Lee move apartments. Lee was appreciative of Sydney.
Jesse brought home the food, after their wife said it would be easier than cooking for the evening.
Sasha was bored at their friend's party. Sasha decided to leave.
Casey rode on one for a few hours and then got off to get dinner.
With his team down by a homerun in the bottom of the ninth inning, Cameron hit a two run home run to clinch victory.
Bailey learnt to swim then they worked really hard to learn all the different strokes in swimming and become expert at them.
Tracy talked Ash under the table with their plans for the new company.
After school, Alex took Sasha's daughter to the playground to play with her daughter.  The two were good friends in the same class.
Jesse hung up their boots above the kitchen sink.
Cameron was very protective of their children, and Cameron prevented abusive by others.
Kendall help  make Casey's patent application.
Skylar knows Cameron is going through a rough time. Cameron recently became homeless, the shelter offers assistance with helping get people back on their feet.
Kai sat tight on the roller coaster ride at Busch gardens.
Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents' blessing to proposed to her.
Robin felt their oats, and realized that many of them were spoiled.
Jordan provided Tracy a service on her car last weekend.
Carson worked all summer and saved up so he could afford to buy his first car.
Jordan made quite an effort and was able to see Bailey three times.
Jan was a teacher and taught the Casey's children all subjects.
Ash welcomed Cameron back into the group and everyone took him out for dinner.
Sasha knew deep down inside that she would love to go camping.
Tracy kept Jesse's counsel and moved away from the village.
Sasha was able to supply their office with new office supplies that they needed.
Tracy finished their online school course today after 4 months of working on it.
Sasha resigned Casey's office after she realized that Casey was corrupt.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas so she could get married.
Jordan took their mother to a trip to Hawaii with them after having not spent time with them in a while.
Austin got surgery at the uptown medical center.
Tracy is a baby, and Alex is her father. Because Tracy was crying, Alex held her as he swayed back and forth in a rocking chair. Tracy calmed down, and Alex put Tracy to bed.
Skylar helped the animal to understand how to follow directions.
Aubrey played a role in settling her mother's affairs after her death.
kendall just started as a waiter so she was inexperienced so she made very little in tips.
Bailey ate at a restaurant and spent a lot of money.
She had been locked in the same cell for 10 years. Over that time, Sydney had perfected her escape plan.
Ash bought new furniture to  celebrate the purchase of his new condo.
Sasha walked alone to the store in the dark of the night.
Aubrey was cleaning the house and found dust under their bed.
Sasha started running every day but her diet was still too poor to lose weight.
Lee played after school with the other kids in the park.
Kendall took the gift off the giant fake gingerbread man at the fair display at the front gate.
Jesse played tag outside with his friends and got really competitive.
jan was a good wife so she made sure to satisfy carson's desires.
Austin liked to hunt and decided to go to Africa to do it.
Bailey wanted Aubrey's parents to give them their blessing before they got married.
Robin achieved success in life by studying everyday and getting a new invention made.
Addison put Quinn's arms around his neck. They gently kissed Addison on the lips.
Casey tied the sachets together and hung them decoratively around the window.
Jan put Quinn's money in the register when he bought the game.
Robin got Skylar fired for her job because she didn't like her.
Riley got out instead and stayed dry on the land.
Addison basically told Tracy that she didn't think the relationship was working out.
Aubrey thought of Remy almost every day, even though they were long gone.
Sydney really hated broccoli and wasn't pleased when it showed up on their dish at the restaurant.
Kendall kept talking for what seemed like forever. It almost never ended.
Jan saw a movie with Lee's friends since Lee wasn't able to make it.
Alex was trying to impress his friends around a campfire, but caught fire.
Skylar gave Quinn an interview after human resources already declined the candidate.
Robin went to tell Austin about the planned bank heist.
Jesse faced every fear except for ski diving which was on his list next.
An order for Carson was issued by Kendall.
Robin was getting ready to move and needed to downsize and get rid of a lot of possessions.
Riley bet they could beat their friend. Riley lost the race.
Tracey saw mouse droppings in their house, so they set a trap and caught it.
Sydney admired her grandparents coin collections, so she started collecting rocks.
Aubrey no longer needed the clothes and decided to ask Riley to take them.
Robin brought the story to trial and earned justice for the victims.
Sydney made fun of Aubrey's accent all the time, specially when they are out.
Jan learned how to do a dance in her class with the teacher she had.
Skylar is a barber who is shaving Kendall.
Sasha asked Ash to explain the math problem to her.
Carson gave her a discount for being a loyal customer.
Jan improved their game by playing well enough to impress the scouts at the game.
remy got into a fight with a professional boxer and took a licking and kept on ticking.
Sasha brought them to a crisis by spilling the hot coffee on their shirt.
Bailey told Kendall what they had done after Kendall acted confused as to why they were in trouble.
Skylar was the best singer in the group. Kendall imitated Skylar's example.
Riley spilt Taylor's soda accidentally as Taylor was talking and walking toward Riley.
Jordan created consumer awareness and positive comments to help the reputation of their new product.
Sasha took the cat to a shelter even though the shelter was really far away.
Sasha never saw Jesse and had to go home alone that night.
When Sydney caught students passing notes in class, Sydney gave their students detention every day for the rest of the month.
Kai went shopping for eggs and milk today. Kai put the eggs in the fridge.
Cameron signed up to help at the event, and as his contribution, Cameron provided snacks to children.
Kendall tried hard to keep their composure after she saw Remy with another girl.
Ash made a request to the store to get the new video game.
Robin had finally finished the two week business training i Atlanta and flew home.
Kendall had a birthday party at work and had a cake.
Skylar snuck into Tracy's camp and tried to take things. Tracy took Skylar prisoner and put her in the dungeon.
Bailey invited all Kai's friends for dinner because Bailey was throwing a surprise party.
Lee wanted to take pictures of the Eiffel Tower.
Carson sold the house to the highest bidder on the neighborhood.
Addison got into an unfamiliar and busted up car and almost hit Remy.
Addison bound the the books together with glue and paper.
Addison had a group of friends over and explained the situation in detail of their arrest.
Bailey killed the spider with a stone after it startled her.
Bailey and Jesse where having fun and Bailey told Jesse's fortune.
Jan was in a rush to get things done so she skipped breakfast.
Jordan invited Jesse to go to the store with her.
Jesse committed his sick and old aunt to Sydney's care at the nursing home.
Quinn missed the bus at school and couldn't get home. Alex called Quinn's father to tell him.
Skylar buried Jan's head in her bosoms because she was crying.
After they had a huge fight earlier, Jesse cut Skylar"s finger.
Tracy pressed upon Austin the importance of having more responsibility.
Bailey wanted to vie for student council so he had to have the right number of people to vote them.
Taylor played a game on their computer when they were supposed to be paying attention in class.
Tracy was at a movie but there were people being really loud and obnoxious, so she decided to leave.
Aubrey took a trip to the hospital because their mother had a surgery.
Benjamin was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
addison was a good friend so he made sure to keep remy company.
aubrey was a investigator so she asked her kids what they saw.
Aubrey always listened well, and ended up having a career as a therapist.
Sasha gave everyone at the school pencils to work with.
Bailey bought a dress right away for the wedding she was invited to.
Skylar was cleaning Remy's room yesterday afternoon and found alcohol under Remy's bed.
Lee hired the applicant on the spot but the employee ended up being terrible after a while.
Robin got back together with the old teammates after asking the team for forgiveness.
Skylar saw that Remy was all alone at the event and decided to spend time with him.
Sasha gave the hobo the money. They felt good about themselves.
Quinn protected the home from attack in the night during the zombie apocalypse.
Austin came home from the war and eagerly wanted to see their loved ones.
Ash was looking for shelter in the rain because she was kicked out.
Aubrey took Sasha's mom to the beauty parlor.
Taylor draws intrigue from the men she meets.
Aubrey had made Sydney explain herself after Sydney got caught telling a lie.
Sasha put Casey on hold because Sasha had to turn off the stove.
Robin found a four leaf clover and felt it was good luck when she got great job offer the same day.
Addison sounded really good at the competition and took first place.
Sasha wanted to get everyone together to pray. Sasha joined their hands together in a circle.
Bailey is a store manager. Bailey made Taylor physical inventory count after the thanksgiving sale.
Aubrey pulled Remy apart from the crowd when the fight broke out.
An angel came unto Robin and Ash to bear them gifts of some silver and gold.
Jan took Jesse's dog for a walk, and the dog was hit by a car.
Riley threw a rock at their house because she hated it.
Lee went and talked to his crush who ended up making fun of him.
Taylor was talking in class and got herself in trouble.
Carson had a big date that weekend and wanted to look nice.
Sydney got fired from her job for being late multiple times.
After finding out that Bailey was in the hospital due to a car accident, Skylar went yesterday to check on Bailey.
Sasha was ready for a new path so they resigned from Casey's office.
Bailey gave the finger to the world over her lost money.
Kai learned the piano for the upcoming recital at school.
Taylor wanted to identify the strange bird, so Taylor got a closer look.
Cameron opened a new bank account after earning the first paycheck of the new job.
Lee was coming back from behind in the basketball game, and now Lee had the tiger by the tail.
In preparation for the upcoming birthday party for their kids, Tracy bought chocolate chip cookies the next day.
Kai was in a jury and did not believe the defendant was guilty at all.
Austin wanted to go on a vacation once he lost weight. Austin reached their goals.
Kai helped their friend with dyslexia by reading the story to them.
Every morning Sasha has cereal for breakfast. Sasha realizes there won't be enough in the jug for breakfast & runs out to the store.
Addison was good at math and won a national math tournament because of it.
Quinn met his girlfriend for the first time and fell in love right when he saw her.
Cameron won Quinn's award at the banquet dinner event that month.
Quinn went to Sydney's bakery and got bread and cookies.
Tracy spent more money.  They spent more than their share.
Robin's friend tripped and fell on the train tracks and got stuck.
Casey and Jan performed their duty as well as they could because it was the right thing.
Although he was terrified of cats, Lee overcame his fear and petted the cat.
Jordan met the water with enough force to leave a bruise on their skin.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers backwards when they were trying to fix a broken finger.
Riley saw a car almost hit the children so she pulled them to safety.
Kendall threw the group into confusion by asking too many questions at the same time.
Jesse ate Bailey's food. and fruit drinks.
Taylor had left their phone at home, so Taylor politely asked someone for the time.
Tracy saw that she got a new phone their mom put on the counter and Tracy picked it up to see it.
Quinn tried hard and was thrilled when he finally hit a home run.
Aubrey surfed the web and found a camera she had been wanting to get.
Kai gave one of the books to a child in need that couldn't afford it.
Jesse prevented Addison from contacting the neighbors because he didn't want to get caught.
Cameron was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
jan put cloth on addison's hips to keep them covered so nobody would be offended.
Taylor was tired of Kai's son so he put him down for good.
Aubrey always thought things through before taking decisive action on matters.
Addison had been dieting for months and when they finally made their target weight Addison treated themselves and ate their homemade cookies.
Kendall was sick and needed to lay down, so Jan rested Kendall's forehead on the pillow.
Bailey got the cat back home after taking it to the vet.
Aubrey worked a double shift and finally got the money for her bills.
Skylar ran home every day from school because the bullies would try to follow her.
Riley likes having a great day and is hoping for one today.
Austin was about to steal the game but heard Sydney's voice in his head telling him not to.
Addison had been rude to Kai last time they saw each other, and was worried about today´s meeting, but Kai greeted Addison with a smile.
Ash asked them what happened. Ash then explain it all in detail.
Jordan screwed the pooch which is illegal everywhere in the world.
At searching online for along time Aubrey found a website that has what she wants.
Tracy spent a long time with Sydney's family and had a nice chat about the weather.
Lee wanted to be Remy's friend after discovering Remy was rich.
kai married someone in the city after he moved there for his new job.
cameron quickly grabbed the blanket because the house was too cold to be in.
Remy held Skylar's meetings at her home at Skylar's thoughtful request and acceptance of the terms.
Casey took her friend to the Zoo to see the animals.
Casey urged Bailey to accept an award, so Bailey did and got a standing ovation from the crowd.
Carson and Aubrey are dating. Aubrey is out with friends when they see Carson kissing another person. Aubrey is heartbroken.
Kai really wanted that promotion, so he dressed to impress so that he would be sure to make a strong, purposeful entry into the meeting.
Kendall made Quinn use a napkin and scolded Quinn for being messy while eating.
Bailey went to the store everyday and did so by walking there.
Taylor had a long day at work so went to the bar and took a strong drink.
Carson saw a five dollar bill barley sticking out of Tracy's pocket, he sneakily pulled it out.
Alex and Carson were fighting over a toy and Alex hit Carson in the head.
Even though Casey blew Austin off Austin till talked to Casey because they were good friends.
Addison found her mother after a long frantic search in the mall.
Aubrey and Skylar were sitting on the couch, Aubrey folded her arms over her chest.
Riley fancied Casey so invited Casey over so Casey came and had dinner at Riley's house.
Kendall was the manager at work and told Carson the things that needed to be done.
Skylar finally got fired even though they had been skipping work a lot and being lazy for years.
Taylor liked to play soccer and baseball. Taylor also played basketball after school.
Alex batted five hundred but then their average dipped after their mechanics got worse.
Austin did not want to leave the amusement park and threw a fit when his mom made him.
Taylor started to pour the deliciuos  soup  she made for dinner.
While playing at the beach today, Riley built sand castles.
Kai got Jesse together for a late lunch date.
Austin finally got a playstation 4 pro so he also needed to buy a brand new tv.
Ash and her friend sally spent the night together in the tent.
Austin decided to donate his vast collection of rings to the public trust.
Jesse changed their number because they moved to a new area.
Skylar discussed the policy of the bank in terms with their customer.
Ash was meeting friends at the movie and he arrived late.
Jesse created Taylor's situation by recommending him for the job.
Carson assisted the worker in determining the length of the plywood plank.
Riley made a fool of oneself and cried as she left the stage.
Carson passed his first semester of college with straight A's. Carson decided to throw a party to celebrate.
Cameron opened up a can and gave the kitten their food.
Sasha went for a walk in the park but got lost, after a while they got their barings again and made their way back to the carpark.
Jordan saw Bailey three times that day and they they hung out after school.
James expressed their love for shrimp dishes. Cameron loved shrimp as well.
Aubrey foundered upon Addison and was truly upset about the lack of care.
Ash gave you a good idea during a presentation with illustrated slides and text.
Aubrey took Sasha's mom out for dinner along with Sasha and paid.
Alex stopped the ball after the whistle and gave Jordan a funny look.
Austin put Taylor in such an impossible situation that he really had Taylor by the short hairs.
Since she was hungry and really wanted to go out for dinner, Aubrey came to work to pick Quinn up.
After finalizing the plans with the architect and the contractors, Austin built Quinn's house last week.
Skylar was starving and Bailey wasn't there yet, so Skylar ate with Bailey's friends.
Bailey moved into a new house and decided to get a new dog.
Robin entered Kai's room after knocking on the door several times.
Sydney rolled Quinn around by pushing him at the shoulders while Quinn was sleeping.
Robin started school today and the others were very curious about her.
Jan turned on the television and changed the channel to watch the news at 10pm.
Riley wanted a unique wedding dress. She decided to make her own dress.
kai was not scared of the dark so he turned the lights off.
Taylor took their turn to go to hit the pinata with their bat.
Alex was on a baseball team and took the field for the game.
Austin is facing a big project at work and decides to call their dad for help and guidance.
Carson took the advice to heart and got himself a brand new red car.
Jordan started drinking early on Sunday afternoon and was passed out by ten.
Tracy flicked the bean so that it would hit her friend across the cafeterial table.
Jesse covered his friend with a lot snow while they were playing outside together.
Ash elicited Jesse's response by asking her questions about herself.
Remy answered their questions with simple but effective explanations to their inquiries.
Cameron hit Austin's face and broke his nose in a very nasty way.
Sasha took their boyfriend to Vegas as a vacation.
Carson worked all summer in order to save up for their first car.
Carson missed all of his calls during the day, so he played the voicemails on his phone.
Remy added a new gem to their collection. Soon they would have them all.
Robin made lasagna but they forgot about it and it burned.
Skylar covered her bases before she announced she was running for president of the club.
Carson loved the food they served even though it was very ethnic and different.
Aubrey heard a rustling noise when she came home late after a party.
Riley was starving when they got home from work and wanted something light. Riley ate the steak that was on the table.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers down the book. Jesse was a creep with odd mannerisms.
Cameron believed that Ash saw it with their own eyes, because Ash never lied.
Kai limited Riley's use of the game system on school nights.
Robin took their date the the movies and then to dinner and they both had a great time.
Alex considered another option after he found out his girlfriend was cheating on him.
Kai is trying to convince her friend to break up with her boyfriend.
Tracy persuaded the dog to go to the dog park finally.
Addison improved health in patients because that was his job.
lee was angry at her friend so she pushed her back to be mean.
Naomi was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Ash used the information for legal purposes that he didn't want to talk about.
Quinn did not like to drink and Skylar took him to a bar for his birthday.
Casey urged Bailey to accept the deal in light of the hard market that was out there.
Robin started school late because they slept through the alarm that they set.
Riley reached the climax of the movie and was interrupted.
Jan was getting tired and going nowhere and decided to give Bailey another go at it.
Austin derived their their signature from the consent for to verify that they had received the delivery.
Robin took nearly 2 years to complete his book but finally Robin publihed their work today.
Cameron was excited for the ability to finally return home with a great friend.
Kai walked into the library with her books and saw Carson studying, but left him alone.
Kendall brought Jesse's hands up amid an effort to try to teach her how to box.
Kai needed a place to stay for the night, so they stayed at Addison's house.
Jan packed everything up to move to a worse neighborhood because they could not afford the rent here anymore.
Aubrey had heard about a lot of robberies in the area so Aubrey protected their property.
Sasha asked for Sydney's advice because she was nervous about college.
Sydney changed horses in midstream and this move made her win the race.
Bailey failed the test the first time but got it right the next time.
Taylor paid their friend for the goldfish and the tank.
Alex's parents were out of town for the weekend. Alex decided to have a party at her house while they were gone.
Tracy and Jan was watching television together. All of a sudden there was a violent sex scene on the screen. Tracy forces Jan's eyes close.
Taylor brought their bike but left behind Alex's bike.
Tracy played professional football for many years after she was hired.
As a therapist, Jordan helped Cameron manage their various relationships more effectively than in the past.
Carson told Ash the story of how his grandmother lost three children to the flu back in the days before medical advancement.
Riley's wife gives birth at the hospital. Riley calls his family and invites them to the hospital. When they arrive they have presents.
Carson's Aunt Gert was their favorite. Aunt Gert always had the apple pancakes when he came to visit.
Lee made Jan move so he could get the ingredients out of the fridge.
Riley talked to Tracy for an hour about the party they were planning.
Tracy blazed a trail as the boss of a new company.
Remy wanted to know what Tracy was thinking so she asked her.
Alex is eating a steak and a bit gets stuck in his throat.
Alex was up for a raise so they focused on their job.
Robin needed to learn something, so they asked Robin to teach them anything at all. Sasha loves to help.
Robin wanted to show Sasha the new game on her phone so Sasha got near Robin to see the game.
Cameron's date wanted to order spaghetti. Cameron  loved spaghetti as well.
Riley felt they were old enough and responsible enough to adopt a pet so Riley showed a cat to their parents.
Remy was more serious at school and they enhanced their understanding.
Tracy handled every situation with ease to help people.
Jordan gave people hugs at the very sad funeral.
Bailey put an ad in the paper looking for antiques.
Addison grew to be loved within Kendall and never wanted to leave her.
Aubrey believed it would lead to something so she kept at it.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a toy so that she would be happy.
Sasha sold their home at the price requested because they were moving out to a new city.
Jesse hadn't seen Robin in a long time, so they took a good look at them while they were hanging out.
Ash needed help watching the kids, so Aubrey kept Ash's eye on things.
Quinn was a preacher and usually Quinn preached the gospel to the poor.
Addison broke the law stealing food when they didn't have any money.
Austin swore, so his mother Jan washed his mouth out and wiped it.
Aubrey folded Skylar's hands as they were placed in the coffin for the upcoming service.
Jesse rode a roller coaster after eating five hot dogs and some french fries.
Robin left the restaurant without paying for her meal.
Kai wore a hat to the park and played Frisbee with the dog.
Cameron was sitting in class waiting for the teacher to pass out the tests.
Kendall carried out their responsibilities and was rewarded with a big bonus.
Carson took their longtime partner Jordan's hand in their hand and proposed marriage to them.
Tracy met her family and served them all well into the night.
Jesse went home with Taylor that night and they spent it together.
Addison increased the water by increasing the volume of it inside the pitcher.
Sydney attacked another person when they punched her in the back.
Quinn was invited out for dinner by a colleague but she felt a bit uncomfortable around them so decided not to go so just didnt show up.
Taylor went outside to play everyday with his friends in town.
Jesse left to Kai's devices some chores to do while she was gone.
Kendall was an archer at a castle. They prevented the attack from happening.
Jordan placed a donation for this item because he wanted some children to have it.
Bailey had a hard time moving the furniture, so she asked her neighbor to help.
Addison bound the straws together in order to weave a traditional basket.
Carson didn't like the name she picked for her new dog Bailey and so she changed Bailey's name.
Jesse played tag with his friends at a birthday party.
Sasha worked in a prison as a guard. Sasha threatened every prisoner to keep them in line.
Jordan took Bailey's life in their hands when they decided to fight the criminal that broke in.
Casey made the Adjustments Jesse suggested to their computer to get it to run well.
Alex got confused on the way home, because they were old and dementia was creeping in.
Cameron gave the kitten their food and made sure they had a clean, warm bed.
Addison had a few minutes before going to work, Bailey spent Addison's time asking questions about her job.
Bailey drove by as the friends stood at the bus stop. Bailey saw everyone cover from the rain.
Lee finally found it and was relieved it was over.
Austin reached their goals without much effort despite his previous concerns about it.
Bailey played chess with a friend and won easily, several matches in a row.
Quinn wanted to know why Remy had said hurtful things and he demanded that Remy answer for his behavior.
Skylar went for a walk in the park this morning because it was nice.
Sasha made decisions for Remy when Remy was unable to.
Quinn lived on the top of a mountain. Quinn came down to see us.
Riley drove the last 100 miles and finally arrived back home.
Ash put the maid on a monthly basis and told the maid that they loved their work.
Skylar met Alex for the last time and thought he was really attractive.
Leed turned their eyes away from the scary movie on TV.
Aubrey controlled women's thoughts with a device she created but she thought it was an invasion of privacy.
Quinn checked on her dog to see if he needed any water.
Lee pushed their way through the crowd and ultimately got to the front of the stage.
Sasha was always careless.  She began to swing the knife around.
Bailey faked being sick so she could stay home.
Skylar gave Casey a bonus on her paycheck last week.
Sydney was a country music star but decided to retire after tiring of the spotlight.
Riley thanked her for Bailey's letter when they gave the letter to them.
Casey ties the sashays together so that they could hold up things for work.
Casey bought some items from the store and brought them home with her.
Robin got carried away to day when she finished off the rest of the cake.
Cameron showed Quinn some signs that he had designed and asked him to critique them.
Remy had gotten a new car recently, and was able to drive themselves home from school.
Ash spent time with Taylor to help them to get better.
Robin treated her well as they recovered in their bed.
Bailey spent time with Addison helping to do their homework after school.
Quinn had been dating Sasha for a few years and Sasha was bored.
Jan took her pills to the doctor so he could see which pills she was currently taking.
jordan tried on his suit and addison said it needed adjusted.
Jesse created Taylor's situation by getting the game and the rules made.
alex gave the network an interview so the full story could be out there.
Ash saved his money and wanted to buy a nice new car.
Alex made Tracy living dolls as a birthday gift.
Casey used Austin's scientific procedure to solve the mystery of what liquid is on the ground.
Skylar ran into friends they knew very well at a concert.
Tracy asked Jesse some questions about the new invention he made in the lab.
Jesse shared Jordan's love of Harry Potter. They decided to see every showing of Half Blood Prince that they could when it was released.
Jordan was gambling and saw that he could win more.
Tracy accidentally had their ball land in Lee's yard, and asked Lee to give it back.
Austin was bored on this rainy day but eventually decided to go see the new hit movie in the theater.
Carson carried themself proudly after they did well on their test.
Bailey had been waiting for hours so when they arrived Bailey told them about time.
Ash broke up with their girlfriend and got fired the same day.
Jan go their towel and put it next to the pool.
Ash got Jordan a candy bar and soda from the gas station.
Robin helped Remy's mother cross the street to get to the market.
Cameron caught Bailey cheating with their friend, so Cameron killed Bailey on the spot.
Skylar went fishing with Addison and their dad and they ended up having fun.
Ash made some new friends after he decided to go to the park.
Bailey's dog is very hyper. Bailey takes the dog to the dog park.
Aubrey counted sheep in order to fall asleep.
Aubrey helped them to understand the math problem they were having trouble with.
Cameron was competing with others in a tournament and they won first place.
Carson eventually agreed to take Ash to the park.
After writing back and forth for many years, Riley finally met their pen pal for the first time.
Jan raised their arm about their head to answer the question.
Aubrey told Riley the name of the cat, but then noticed it was hungry.
Jordan always wanted to be a writer when they grew up. Now, Jordan made a living writing short stories.
robin was not acting right so alex escorted robin to the door.
Even though they had barely graduated from high school, Alex had just moved to a new city.
Robin cleared the food left at an empty table and brought it to the counter.
Skylar used all of Ash's gas so Skylar put gas in Ash's car.
Lee was walking their dog when a stranger approached. Lee kept their dog under control.
Jordan gave Taylor the right utensil to eat the soup and salad.
Riley got Robin a job opportunity at a new store that was opening up.
Kendall and Ann played basketball.  Kendall passed the ball to Ann.
Casey gave Jesse training on how to do her job well when she joined.
Jesse thanked Bailey's mom for Bailey's support because they were friends of the family.
Ash bought new furniture. It looks fantastic in their home.
Ash thought it was fun to prank her parents, so she played tricks on them often.
Riley walked to work in the morning, because their car was in the shop.
Cameron had an idea he had in mind for a long time, once he had the means, he carried out his idea.
Addison tried several things that were cooked and found them all to be delicious.
Riley bore Ash's share of the money. That was kind of them to be so considerate.
Robin attended the big family reunion at the lake that summer.
Skylar gave Quinn shelter after Quinn was kicked out of her house.
Addison was taking classes at the local college. Addison only worked one day a week.
Riley persuaded me to give them money for groceries and rent.
Jesse gave his life in the fire trying to save a little girl who was trapped upstairs.
Jan met the organization's president so that she could build up her career network.
Bailey persuaded her friend to go to the movies with her because she didn't want to go alone.
Robin gave advice among men who came to hear her speak.
Quinn took his sisters for ice cream and they were happy to spend time with him.
Taylor asked the librarian for a book so she could study more.
Quinn saw that Lee was about to step into the path of an oncoming truck.
Aubrey showed Bailey's appreciation by giving him money to pay off school.
Kendall took their bike to the shop and a person fixed it.
Austin came back to Carson after being gone all day.
Sasha went to the store for a new jacket. It was the wrong color but she bought it anyways.
Taylor is at work getting the store they work at ready for Christms.
Aubrey put on their coat and headed home have playing.
Jan gave me a hard time for almost nothing yesterday.
Addison had a new kitten but it didn't like drinking milk. Addison fed the kitten new food to make him happy.
Jesse went out partying with friends last night. Jesse drank a lot of alcohol and didn't get much sleep.
Bailey got their wallet and put it in their pocket.
Casey put Tracy's hands up so they could put on Tracy's shirt.
Jan rose to their feet in order to challenge what Austin had been saying.
Carson and Ash live in New York. Carson took Ash to see the city of Ash's dreams, Paris.
Kai found a large chest buried in the woods. He opened the chest.
It was time to get groceries so Sasha took the family shopping.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to sit and decided she wanted to get a dog too.
Due to him not wanting to leave, Austin needs to check with his mom to see if he can stay and purchase more food.
Casey avoided their chores until later, which did nothing but stress them out all day anyway.
When he couldn't get ahold of his target, Remy killed their darlings instead.
Sydney had to watch Ash because she was babysitting him.
Austin was still in the band and he still played the guitar.
Jan got straight A's again this semester and impressed a girl at her school that had gotten B's in some of the same classes.
Ash suspected there was a suspicious person trying to break into the store. Ash prevented the people inside from making noise.
Riley could afford anything in the store but chose to limit their spending because of the recent economic downturn.
Alex kept a huge secret from Addison long ago to protect her.
Alex lived with their dad and would always go hunting with them.
Jordan was planning the perfect vacation, so Jordan was going fishing next week.
Aubrey played the violin perfectly at her recital after practicing for weeks.
They had a lot of work to do but Bailey promised their kid they tried to get away.
Aubrey created Addison's illusion with the same mix of special effects and know how.
Kai got a notice of warning that she might get fired.
Aubrey had so much trouble with their car.  They decided to buy a new one.
Casey knew that the engine needed to warm up for a while before it would start.
Ash and his friend were looking for their group at the zoo, Ash spotted them first.
Austin just flew in from out of state and was visiting friends. Remy was happy to see Austin again.
Aubrey bought Alex's lunch for the third time this week.
Sasha treated the children as one so no one would feel left out or cared for more than another.
They only brought one tent on the camping trip, so Quinn lay down next to Jordan.
Kendal wanted Jan's answer earlier so that they could start making plans.
Aubrey shattered into pieces about the news of the boy getting killed.
ash paid dividends to them with their knowledge by helping with the situation.
Tracy paid sydney tax for the bill even though it was the last of their money.
Even though Sydney had tutors, she still got bad grades.
Billy waved at Kendall and Kendall waved back.
Jesse selected the item they thought would be best, but they ended up picking the worst possible item somehow.
Robin went after the enemies in order to avenge the name of their father.
Kai was trying to make some new friends and was introducing himself to some new people.
Kendall was in the wrong class and didn't realise it till the rest of the class started to write a test.
Bailey has been trying to call Ash but there was no answer so he checked Ash's phone.
Cameron grouped cards together when playing a card game.
Lee made him some dinner when he got home from work.
Jan put their finger on Jordan's back.
Kailey had Bailey tied to the rope cause they were practicing how to get out of it safely.
Addison was volunteering as a nurse in the hospital. Addison visited every patient and improved morale.
Bailey wanted to quit school after he engaged in drugs and substance abuse leading to addiction.
Jan was in class and her teacher asked them a question and Jan knew the answer so Jan raised her arm.
Jan made the decision to leave her family which ultimately broke her heart.
Addison helped develop the idea and got Quinn in Kai's trademark plan.
Carson is a hair stylist who was trying to give Lee a really nice haircut.
Sasha took Bailey's word for it because they trusted them.
Carson started to work on the science project last night.
Tracy took part in the war but surrendered in the middle of a battle.
After graduating college Bailey moved back home to live with her parents.
Bailey spent months learning how to swim by practicing in the community pool.
Riley struck fear into the hearts of the villagers when she announced that her forces would burn down every cottage that harbored fugitives.
Ash ordered a big sandwich at the deli because they are very hungry.  Ash put $3 in a tip jar.
Jesse was asked to feed Alex's cat and was paid nicely for doing so.
Austin grabbed Taylor by the short hairs and looked at him menacingly.
Lee tore open the bag of chips and handed them to his brother.
Lee sent their dog away when they were cooking a big dinner.
Sydney defended Bailey's interests about the big decision in the company.
Kai bought a phone so she could make calls.
Casey bought food anyway even though they had some food at home.
Sydney took their glasses off and looked at their face in the mirror.
Sasha was a good home cook, but she wasn't very careful, she burnt her hand again this week.
Sydney designed outfits to make for the new benefit show.
Jan helped Remy to study for the big exam at the end of the term.
Casey was so excited it was finally here, she opened the envelope her fingers trembling.
remy was looking for his lost dog so he posted flyers.
Tracy explained their employment in terms of benefits and money too.
Robin took courses at their local community college so that they would be ready to work.
Jesse and a friend had lunch together after they were finished visiting the local zoo yesterday.
Remy purchased a new car with the money he had saved up so long.
Addison hugged their mom and gave her a birthday gift she made herself.
Ash walked in her neighbor each morning in order to clear their mind.
Bailey called Carson asking for a medical solution not in the medicine cabinet, he later found Carson's solution.
Sydney remained awake throughout the night during watch.
Robin made Bailey acquaintance by going with her to the big prom.
Skylar helped the people to understand the situation so they could improve it.
Alex didn't have a babysitter for his son, so he brought him along for the trip.
Austin and his dad were playing a game of go fish. Austin won.
Bailey bought the newest addition to his favorite video game after waiting in line.
taylor was a construction worker so he made ash's home for her.
Robin always beat the clock when taking the last shot of the game.
Remy met the girl of their dreams and it was finally the big deal. Remy got married.
Riley gripped Ash's hips tightly with his hands and pulled her in for a quick kiss.
After being hired as her publicist, Alex made an effort to improve Tracy's image.
Remy used special conditioner and made their hair softer.
Addison is responsible for delivering the local newspaper in her town. She uses her bike all the time.
Jan considered the arrangements in detail finally deciding that Others should not be allowed to attend.
Sasha realized Cameron's error on the math problem and helped them fix it.
Cameron found a way home after being lost for hours.
Kendall was confused about the subject so Addison provided Kendall the correct answer.
Kai wrote a memoir. Quinn read all of Kai's book. Quin loved it.
Tracy took medicine to feel better from the flu that she contracted from Jenn.
Austin knew Robin much better and new she was going to play a trick.
Carson loved tomatoes so much that he bought a truckload.
Carson had too much energy and liked to run around a lot. Quinn sent Carson to summer camp.
Kai bought some ice cream and shared it with all her friends.
Taylor tidied up the kitchen after having made chili.
It was cloudy and began to rain, Aubrey came back inside.
Sasha worked hard all her life and became a model for a popular magazine.
Taylor expressed their side of the story clearly to the detectives asking questions.
Tracy left the party after realizing she had to be at work early in the morning.
Ash's car broke down. but he had no money, so Casey got Ash's car fixed.
Sydney served their interests until they became stingy with pay, and then Sydney quit.
Skylar threw a surprise birthday party for their coworker at the office.
Taylor's mom was tired from cooking so Taylor gave his mother time to rest.
Cleaning his boots Riley began eating their meal after washing his hands.
Aubrey wasn't qualified for the job but bent the truth while filling out the application.
Riley started drinking it and fell in love with the amazing drink.
Alex was going to have a birthday party. Remy sent an invitation to all of Alex's friends to come.
Austin and Addison made an announcement that they were going to have a party.
Robin moved away last year and missed their daughter. So Robin called his daughter to talk for a while.
Tracy gave their partner a puppy and hoped the puppy would have a nice and happy life.
Remy wanted Carson's kids to visit so he purchased the airfare for them.
Addison made Bailey money by maximising her profits on the stock market.
Riley was visiting Skylar's city and Skylar wanted to show Riley the city sights.
Ash was hungry and discovered a leftover meal in the refrigerator.
Austin invited all Ash's friends over to watch the football game.
Kai imposed judgement upon Tracy in the hopes that Tracy would change her ways.
Austin gave Robin reason to smile and told Robin that they loved them.
Jan prolonged Lee's life because Jan is a good doctor.
Addison had some toy frogs that they collected. Addison added to their collection.
Addison explained in detail the plan for the prom. It was a good plan they all agreed on.
Quinn saw Aubrey's article and told her how proud he was of her accomplishment.
Tracy flicked the bean off the table and at the dog as a prank.
Taylor got what she was working to earn for awhile.
Skylar was training to compete in the Boston marathon that year.
Lee had been thinking of asking their partner to marry them for some time.
Lillian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee met the nation's king and brought up some of the issues facing the people.
Jan waved their arms around to get Robins attention after school was out.
Quinn wanted to pass a message to a friend but couldn't directly thus, Robin acted as Quinn's intermediary when asked.
Riley cashed Sasha's check so that she could give her the money from it.
Remy tried to help Addison with her homework that night.
Addison found the book that Austin loved. They bought it immediately for them.
While Casey was interested in learning to play the piano, asked the pianist for lessons.
Lee bought Remy a puppy as a present for Remy's fifth birthday.
Elijah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney made fun of Aubrey's strange look after trying out new fashion styles.
Quinn loved Bailey dearly for her friendship and kindness.
Aubrey directed Lee's course in the face of many upcoming struggles.
Riley was scared to reveal their feelings to Jesse, so Riley wrote Jesse a letter.
Casey performed their part of the play properly.
Robin wanted to make an appeal to the judge. Tracy gave Robin a hearing.
Sydney lost Kai along the way and didn't come back for them because they considered Kai weak.
Kendall was a fitness guru and after Casey came to see them Kendall gave Casey a workout regime and changed Casey's diet to help Casey achieve their goal.
Taylor removed dust from the air so his asthma would not act up.
Tracy spread a rumor about Robin in school. Robin refused to talk to Tracy about it.
Ash kept eyes on Casey because Casey looked like he was getting sick.
Cameron told Ash's son a story when Ash was stuck at work.
Kendall had Skylar's back in the fight against bullies.
Robin devoted time to writing when she was not working.
Riley cried in their beer after having a long and difficult day at work.
Jesse let their children play outside with their friends.
Alex cut Tracy's throat with a sharp object.
Even though Riley was not always a good friend, Austin had Riley's back.
Addison saw a car in the driveway of their home that they did not recognize.
Kendall drove on the road for hours and hours without taking breaks.
Bailey took Taylor by surprise when she brought over a gift for no reason.
Kendall saw three deer while they were hunting. They killed every deer.
Lee drove Jordan's car on the highway after receiving his license.
Ash's son wasn't having a good time and wanted to go home. Cameron told Ash's son to stay and play some games.
Ashe sent their friend to the store while ash prepared for the party.
Taylor gave their daughter a hug after she won the competition.
Remy bought tickets to the country music festival due to her love of the genre.
Addison was worried they wouldn't be able to afford rent that month.
Jordan layered eyes on Ash till she was looking good and ready to go to the dance.
Jesse told Ash her problem yesterday when she was ready to listen.
Kendall baked a pie and then took a nap on the sofa.
Remy called me into the office to tell me about the new job they are taking.
Casey worked at a barber shop to cut people's hair. Casey cut Quinn's hair.
Jesse finally met their spouse at the airport gate after their flight was delayed for over four hours.
Alex learnt Addison's teachings well and studied to become a teacher themselves in a couple years.
Austin liked to play video games online. Austin played a doctor in the virtual world.
Sydney made things better for her little brother by keeping his room dark.
Riley started hiking and got lost in the woods for hours.
Savannah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Isaiah was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney got dehydrated after being out in the hot sun all day.
Jordan lifted Cameron's face towards theirs so they could look in their eyes.
Lee had Kendall's back while Kendall stood his ground at the union meeting.
Casey help delivered Ash's message to a friend because he was shy.
After being surprised at being hugged, Lee hugged Aubrey back wholeheartedly.
Jan drove home from work one day. They usually took the train to work.
Tracy served a nice dinner and made sure her friends ate well.
Sydney went to the party and met a really nice guy there.
Bailey provided a meal to the members for their faith in the process.
Cameron always followed the rules that were set by her parents.
bailey took him to church and he caused a lot of disruption during the service.
Jan wants to make sure that her family eats more vegetables.
At a political rally for free speech, Sasha asserted her rights.
Jan started climbing the tree. She always took risks and sometimes paid for them.
Taylor also put it away because if the teacher saw it they would get in trouble.
Ash examined the paperwork closely before deciding whether she wanted to sign it.
Despite needing money for rent, Remy spent some money.
Quinn bought narcotics without prescription when he went abroad for vacation.
Casey gave them the benefit of the doubt and trusted that they would not make a mess painting.
Riley saw the eye doctor because they were practically blind.
Austin and Taylor had not met for a long time, they met during Christmas.
Aubrey drank the milk and then went to work out after it.
Carson pulled Quinn's leg because she wanted to get Quinn's attention.
Skylar was great friends with everyone in their class and liked going to school.
Kendall improved Riley's quality of life by buying her a new car for college.
Tracy forced Jan's eyes closed during the scary movie out of kindness.
Sydney really hated broccoli and always got something else while ordering.
After struggling to free himself from being blocked, Lee was finally able to catch the basketball with one hand.
Jan rested her head against Kendall's forehead while they were on the bed.
Jordan loved Carson's friend better and went to the movies with the other friend.
Taylor saw the baby and it was cute so she decided to hold it.
Addison supplied the team with much needed water after practicing hard.
Aubrey was given a present by Sydney who decided to come and give them one.
Lee's mind was put at ease when Jesse was able to explain things.
Ash took his time getting there and arrived late.
Lee quickly began panicking and had to run home in a terrible fit of fear.
Aubrey asked their kids if they wanted burgers or hot dogs for dinner.
Addison visited the pet store today to purchase a guinea pig for her daughter.
Skylar fancied Alex for a long time and finally built up the courage to tell Alex about their feelings.
Bailey thought about the man and his righteousness and drew some interesting conclusions in the end.
Quinn let them have it because Quinn had had enough of their poor behavior.
Carson decides to get a drink of water as they are thirsty.
memories of Rem ran through Aubrey's mind. Aubrey missed their old friend and wished them the best.
Bailey came home tonight in a cab after going out to the pub.
Jan was an older teacher and had taught Casey long ago. Now she taught Casey's children in college.
Jan performed the dance well for the judges at the annual dance competition.
Austin went to the faraway lake and had the time of their lives.
Lee heard both sides of the heated dispute and settled it in an amicable way that both sides were happy with.
After sparking a friendly and fun conversation, Jan established a good relationship with Ash.
Jesse made Remy really happy by getting her a puppy.
Jordan was late paying the child support. Jordan darkened Skylar's door.
After trying their best, Cameron lost Kai's life.
Taylor was a wise man and gave you plenty of wisdom to learn upon.
Carson exercised Kendall's authority while they were at work.
Ash woke up early and headed to work before usual.
robin was tired of casey and her antics so she gave casey a blow.
Sasha asked Ash to come back after Ash had forgotten a personal item at Sasha's home.
Cameron bought a new cat and brought it to the vet with them to get it fixed.
Skylar saw of the news of bears roaming the area. Skylar took her kids home.
Riley studies all night and got a good grade on their test.
Jordan got there on time just at the same time the train arrived.
Jesse shared Jordan's love by getting some good coffee and good pizza.
Jesse was struggling with school and decided to get a tutor to help.
Bailey layered Carson's hand with papers as they were walking out of the office.
Carson kept coming back to the casino, even though they lose all their money every single time.
Addison allowed Kendall extra time to turn in her essay for English Lit.
Carson and Kendall work together at an office. Carson issues Kendall a written reprimand and speaks to them inside the office.
Alex looked right at skylar accusingly knowing the they were lying to him.
Alex was right behind Riley on the toboggan as they descended the hill.
Skylar sighed because she was making dinner and realized that she needed a key ingredient as well as something for her daughter's school lunch.
Jordan accidentally wounded Jesse when he shot the sling shot their way.
Remy got married to the man of her dreams after dating for years.
Austin sold their shared in the market and the others saw that if they did not do the same they would lose all their money forever.
Jesse was Skylar's boyfriend. Jesse impressed Skylar's parents when he went to dinner at their house.
Jan saw Lee with someone else, so Jan accused Lee of cheating.
Kai caught Remy in the act when they walked into the room.
Kai went to the restaurant and asked the waiter what the specials were.
Sasha was saving money to pay their way through grad school.
Casey bought a new shirt and put it in the washing machine.
Taylor screamed Alex's name when looking for them at the park.
Jordan had a large project due in school, so Jordan needed anything that would help.
The report Bailey had written didn't make sense they way it was written so they decided to get help from their mom.
Ash walked in the place with head held high. Jordan laid eyes on Ash ash he walked.
Ash loved Jordan well enough and they both went to the movies to see a good movie.
Lee gave Riley a glimpse into what life with Lee could be like.
Casey cost Jan some dollars after she knocked over a shelf of expensive goods.
Quinn had a flat tire, so Quinn asked their friend for help.
Kai became effective at motivating Ash and the others at work after just a short time.
Addison maximized Bailey's shop's profits by being a good salesperson since they started.
Taylor rode his bike around town. He rode for hours before deciding to go home.
Jordan looked high and low for the cat but she thought someone stole it from her home.
Jan peed next to Austin's pants because she couldn't hold it.
Kai's mother had a baby and now they are a big sister.
Casey got the friends together for a night of drinking and partying.
Remy dated for three years before deciding that he didn't like it.
Sasha bought Ash's ticket to the big charity event in town.
Skylar wanted to kill Jan today over the disrespect that Jan showed Skylar.
Riley and Tracy married the same man so Riley killed Tracy.
Robin looked closer at her homework and realized she had not answered all the questions.
kai had superpowers so he leapt to ash's feet.
Aubrey didn't like Kai, so tension rose when they saw each other at the party.
The store had completed the order so Jordan took the new inventory to the store.
Jesse killed their father after he caught him sleeping with the girlfriend.
Ash used a shield to defend himself against the fire as he saved the child.
Alex baked a cake for the party.  They had to bring most the cake home because it did not taste good.
Kendall wanted to go halfsies on a trip with her friend.
Kai kept his nose clean from using any more drugs that year.
After the kitten rolled over on command, Cameron gave the kitten some delicious treats.
Jordan avoided damage to the nerve by getting massages and treatment.
Sydney slid Taylor's hands into the mittens so that Taylor would not be cold when they went out.
Skylar returned the ring to their fiance, Bailey.
Cameron got a hit when playing baseball with their friends after school.
Bailey maintained the patient's comfort. The doctor would be in to see them soon.
Carson got the point across after slapping his hands repeatedly.
Quinn also gave in to peer pressure at the party.
remy told her husband about their trip in front of everyone to make them jealous.
sydney wanted kai to stay so she offered him an incentive later.
Alex punched the thief in the face and took it back from him.
Taylor made Bailey's teeth itch by telling her a story.
Remy saw the elephant at the zoo and liked seeing the animals.
Kendall always wanted to go on a boat trip. Kendall bought a boat.
Taylor made Ash's home complete with the donation of paintings and furnishings.
Robin saw Taylor all the time, and one day, Robin decided to ask her out.
Kendal saw Ash carrying a large box and opened the door for Ash.
Casey was with her friends and was trying to impress them, so she tossed her drink back.
Aubrey had been going on interviews for a while. Aubrey just got a new job.
Taylor lifted weights at the gym to get stronger and stronger.
Austin kept back the water and decided to donate a lot of it.
Aubrey said they would make a lamp as a fun craft.
Kendall completed her application and submitted it.
Casey followed the stranger to a far location getting lost.
After a dinner and movie for date night, Sydney ended it with a kiss on Robin's lips.
Kai stole a necklace from a store and put in in Casey's pocket while they weren't looking.
Taylor accidentally ate the last slice of their friend's bread. Taylor then went to the store to get more bread.
Jan scared Kendall away with her argument.
Remy dated them for 3 years but finally broke it off when things got abusive.
Sydney gave Riley some medicine to make her start feeling better.
Skylar was ready to go to bed. Skylar turned the light off and went to sleep.
Carson got their wish and will soon go to the Bahamas to relax.
Cameron won Quinn's award even though Cameron was not expecting it.
Sasha purchased the gun from the gun store after her house was broken into.
Casey's mistake slowed things down, but Jesse corrected it and the work was done on time that day.
Kendall took professional pictures of Tracy at a publicity event. Kendall selected the best ones and enhanced them to sell to Tracy.
Kendall lost her puppy the other day. A nice person found it. Kendall gave the person a reward.
Bailey spent all day outside working. When he came inside he smelt really bad.
Cameron had always loved sports, especially basketball, he practiced ball everyday and was happy to do it.
After frantically searching around the house for their missing wallet, Jordan finally found it.
Ash was diagnosed with diabetes because she ate too much sweets.
Aubrey won three games out ofa hundred and nothing else after that.
Riley decided to go off and do their own thing on the report they were doing for school.
Carson prolonged their life with an innovative surgery he performed on them.
Remy represented Skylar's interests in the debate over changing the lunch menu.
Skylar helped them find their purpose in the world and they were fullfilled.
Remy spent a week in the hospital and everyone was concerned.
Addison made Austin act in the play for the next few weeks.
Lee closed the door behind Sydney after she arrived at the party.
alex was a track runner so he marked his time as a new record.
Cameron was a very good piano player. He won an award for it too.
Jan ordered that the criminals be put to the sword for their murderous punishment.
Bailey expressed her concerns when he saw the poor kids living on the street.
according to the article Jordan maintained their authority.
Taylor got a closer look at the new puppy there.
Riley used drugs often and had a good time partying at the club.
Skylar was a baker and had to mix all the ingredients for the recipe.
Jesse fell down the hill and hurt her ankle.  Austin offered to carry her and she wrapped her legs around his waist.
sydney prevented a fight from developing and told the principal what happened that day.
Quinn wanted to see the world and began planning a trip across Europe.
It was very cold outside so Tracy was surprised when she started the car right up.
Lee thought Cameron's plan would be the most profitable and sustainable for the company so they put it into effect.
Jan made the same thing as Riley did for their project in art class.
Aubrey saved enough money to buy MK11 for his birthday.
Alex left the torch in Remy's hands so that he could unlock the gate.
Casey came and got her book from the store that was pre-ordered.
Being the first time Kendall's family are visiting after their marriage, Ash decide to cook dinner.
Bailey accidentally knocked over the glass when he jumped up from his chair.
Quinn got an A on a research paper he spent months working on tirelessly.
Remy had a crush on a girl and the girl starting calling him after school.
Ash brought Lee's family a pie, so they can eat it later that day.
Bailey received nothing back after she applied for the job.
Lee raised and trained armies of fire ants to attack.
Remy lost their dog last week. Carson found the dog in the woods and returned it to Remy after calling them.
Cameron happened to be in Carson's life when she had the abortion.
Tracy spent time with Sydney's family and had a lot of fun.
Remy gave Casey much more gifts than Remy gave her for Christmas.
sydney stole from many people so eventually she got a bad reputation.
Robin brought the convict to trial and successfully got him put behind bars.
Jesse performed Cameron's task at work since he was sick.
Quinn went to the mall with a group of friends and had a nice time.
Lee broke the law and confided in Jesse.  Jesse was disgusted by Lee's actions so Jesse went to the police station and told Lee's story.
Alex saw eye to eye with the faculty that was trying to push the dresscode.
Jesse hosted a game night at his house.
taylor knew jordan was lost but she finally found jordan.
Ash was trying to get away from Susan. Ash ran as fast as possible.
Lee completed their work and did really well on the work.
Bailey wanted to tell people about their business. Bailey gathered their friends together.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back and applied the bandage carefully.
Cameron took the money they were paid from work and decided to save it.
Jordan told Riley that he hoped everything would workout with Riley's girlfriend.
Ash tossed the leftover bones aside and had to go to sleep for work.
Bailey took their girlfriend out for a night on the town with dancing.
Riley worked great. He had the proper tools and safety equipment.
Carson worked to rule the school with his powerful position.
Kai helped Sydney look for their phone and found it for them.
Addison almost hit Remy by accident yesterday while throwing the ball.
Addison was about to climb the rickety ladder, Austin pushed Addison away.
Sydney, worried about a project at work, tossed and turned all night and just couldn't sleep.
Ash told Sydney something that was a deep secret, hoping that she would keep a confidence.
Bailey was feeling terribly hung over and decided to take off the day from work.
Sydney went to basketball tryouts hoping to make the varsity team.
A student was acting up in Kai's class, so Kai sent the student to the principal's office.
Lee sent chills  down Casey's spine when he asked her to marry him.
Kendall was too shy to ask Aubrey on their own.
Quinn knew their wife was busy so Quinn brought home dinner.
Aubrey was watching a scary part in the movie and got scared. Sydney seized Aubrey's hand.
Remy got caught eating Kai's cookies she made for herself.
Jan was an overbearing mother and Jan controlled Aubrey's life.
Quinn had a bad headache and had to get some medicine to make it go away.
Remy bought a knife and took it with them to a dangerous part of the town.
Jan was making lasagna. Jan cooked the pasta.
After spending the summer together every day, Addison grew to love Kendall.
Quinn wasn't feeling well so he let the hosts know he wouldn't be able to attend the party.
Bailey and Addison had a disagreement in the saloon over a poker game. Addison challenged her to a pistol duel at high noon on main street.
Remy was getting intimate with Jesse. Remy pressed against Jesse's body.
Cameron was assessing the situation and provided advice to the team working.
Through his life, Lee only had one child with his wife.
Taylor served Remy's interests because they were best friends.
Kendall was trying to study and needed absolute quiet, so Skylar complied with Kendall's request.
Quinn baked all day and gave cookies to Austin's parents.
Aubrey found the pink car in the parking lot yesterday.
Addison returned to their car after leaving the office.
Cameron gave Addison value by telling all of their colleagues how Addison did a great job at the meeting.
Lee made things better than the last time she was baking.
Ash was in a hurry to get to work after over sleeping and leaving late.
After glaring at their mother, Ash felt like a terrible partner and a mean brother.
Sydney has a woodworking shop in their home.
Quinn put water in the machine to make coffee for breakfast.
jesse did not want to be rude but she had to give addison a lecture.
Jesse decided to be a Biology major in college and took all Honors classes.
Bailey always takes her dog to the dog park in the afternoon but is always hungry at the end.
Riley understood the ambiguity around Quinn and was interested when he opened up.
Ash told his friend that he did not want to see him anymore.
Skylar told Kendall that Mark liked her and was gonna ask her out for the school dance that was coming up.
Robin was a sunday school teacher at her Church.
Taylor emailed Lee back about the job interview tomorrow.
Sydney had a sudden violent seizure and was unresponsive afterwards.
Lee made Carson their wife even though he knew Carson didn't love him.
remy was a good person so he returned the dog to the rightful owners.
Sasha went to the meeting and was told that she needed to stop drinking.
Kendall quickly ran to exit the building because she was running late.
Sydney lost the opportunity that Robin offered after not replying in a timely manner.
In order to gain favor and make an impression, Casey got Jan a present.
Quinn painted Casey's finger nails and gave her a pedicure as well.
Cameron needed to write about a movie as part of a college assignment. Cameron interpreted the movie in a way that was unique.

Prompt word count: 10.
Jordan met Ash for the first time and when he saw her she took his breath away.
Quinn started barking orders but later wondered about what he did to himself.
Robin couldn't see from the back of the class. So Robin got closer to her teacher.
Carson learned to read from the woman but still didn't have any books to read.
After hosting a big dinner party Quinn cleaned all of the dishes.
Alex kept Addison's balance on the sheet that is on the computer.
Alex pulled a rabbit out of a hat for their final magic trick.
Quinn is trying to talk to Bailey about the dance at the baseball game. Quinn looks Bailey in the eyes.
Taylor asked another question on how to make a machine that would make pizzas faster.
Aubrey asked the girl to move out of the way so that they could pass by.
Alex spent a lot of hours looking a different wedding dresses online.
Quinn saw his friend turn at the red light so he also turned.
Taylor pushed Sasha's arm back hard and hurt her arm.
Riley was washed away by the tide at the ocean beach that day.
Casey took their friend to the zoo and they had a really great day.
Sydney used her skills to design Casey's newest album cover for him because he asked.
Tracy got ready for class and ultimately found out that she had forgot about a big test.
Remy was running late, so Aubrey started Remy's truck while Remy was making breakfast.
Alex quickly opened the door because he thought he heard something.
Taylor didn't want to hang out with Alex so Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip.
Kendall really tried hard to keep in touch with Bailey over the years.
robin got hired as a nurse so she worked for months.
Taylor decorated their Christmas tree just in time for the kids to get home.
Jordan brought everyone together for a big dinner one night.
Bailey joined the football team after getting information about safety and whether it would be fun.
After breaking up with Alex because she was moving, Skylar met Alex for the last time.
Cameron ate the pizza and still felt hungryq.
After work, Kendall found eggs in the parking lot. Her classmates had tried to egg her car.
Ash couldn't afford to buy their friend a fancy present, so Ash wanted to make a cake for their birthday.
Skylar was making a exhibit about cameras for the school science fair in their town.
Sydney checked their account to see if they had enough for the trip.
Jesse told Lee many embarrassing stories about their past that they don't normally tell anyone.
Jordan told Tracy to get the keys from her purse in the kitchen.
Cameron wanted to get intimate with Robin and put a hand on his leg.
Jordan prevented Kendall from falling over when they tripped over a rock.
Skylar got ready to hit the ball in the batter's box and the pitcher threw the ball.
Remy loved Italian food and couldn't wait to shower and meet his friends at their favorite spot for dinner.
Casey saw a watermark in the paper. She wasn't the type to accept errors or inconsistencies.
Sasha started college in the middle of the year.
Robin wrote a story about the local plant. It was letting toxic waste into the water way and poisoning drinking water.
Robin was always fascinated with ballet and decided that they wanted to be a ballerina.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home in her new car after school last week.
Robin activated a shadow over everyone by bringing the sad news about the dog dying that night.
Jan got their car towed and had to wait a few days to get the car back.
Remy arrived in class but was late and was scolded in front of the class.
Tracy broke Addison's nose after punching them in the face at the bar.
Cameron won the award for Quinn, after Quinn did almost nothing to help the process.
Aubrey thought Jesse was sick because Jesse looked rather pale.
Sasha gave the cat up for adoption because it was too mean to the kids.
Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner because the dish they were making was a tough one.
Austin called Casey's dad to let him know Casey was doing bad and had no job.
Jan fell off the turnip truck while horsing around with her sister.
Jordan usually went to bed early, so they could get a full 8 hours before the workday.
Remy found Carson's actual level. It was higher than they expected.
Addison saw their aunt at the store.  She was trying to buy a birthday gift for Addison and it would have been a surprise gift.
Addison enforced Lee's rights to be able to wear whatever he wants by going to the court.
Kendall wanted chicken for their family dinner, so they bought and cooked a rotisserie chicken.
Skylar goes to the gym every day. The first thing they do is run for 30 minutes.
Casey understood Alex and what he wanted her to do.
Carson offered a job to her friend at the store.
It was Remy's parents' 50th anniversary and Remy surprised them by coming home.
After searching through books and articles for hours, Jordan finally found an answer.
Sasha texted back about going to the prom later that night.
Jesse went to Quinn's grandmother's house to put in a good word for Quinn.
Remy invited all their friends and family to their college graduation party this weekend.
Sasha taught Robin how to skillfully juggle anything they could carry.
Austin called Sydney last night and asked them to go out with him. Sydney said they did not want to.
Lee went to see the new movie with Riley's friends and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Lee graciously saw Kendall needed an opportunity and worked to make sure it happened.
Carson took Ash to see the movie finally.
Kai shook Addison's hand after they were introduced at the party.
A band was performing a the high school. Remy saw the band perform.
Jesse was so surprised and happy he showed them his appreciation.
Lee held fast to the rope so that the others wouldn't fall down the mountain side.
Cameron had been married for 10 years so with their wife they decided to renew their vows today.
Jan capped it all off with a smile by eating some burgers and have a giant shake.
Cameron needed a new pair of shoes for the dance that weekend.
Jesse went with Tracy to a show that was playing and had fun.
Jesse forgave the men for their unkind words, setting an example for the others.
Jesse saw what the problem was in class before anyone else did.
Addison's sister explained that she really wanted a boyfriend so Addison set her up on a date.
Jan is a student, and demonstrated the task well.
Quinn rode their bike down the street and stopped at an ice cream parlor.
In their most recent article, Sydney wrote about Riley's early life and gave their readers a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
The bus came roaring out of nowhere, heading straight at Skylar who kept their wits about them.
Tracy took Lee's life after the accident on the big camping trip.
Jesse tried to argue with his friend about which movie was best, but they couldn't see eye to eye.
Robin's father died during a bank robbery. Robin avenged their father's death.
Remy makes rice and chicken for his family for dinner tonight.
Bailey had a big garden with a lot of ripe fruit and vegetables.
Robin gave their niece money without having the parents find out about it.
Lee brought the car to school and it broke down in the parking lot.
Casey told his friend that he was going to give him another chance at being a friend.
When the students were confused by the newest lesson, Remy answered their questions.
Ash was strong but Austin worked out everyday so Austin was much stronger.
Robin wore a hat from the mall and it was a nice and red hat.
Casey was trying to repay Ash for letting them borrow the car. Casey got Ash's car fixed.
After the unfortunate events, Cameron informed their mother about the details.
Riley began to sing the song to a large crowd but she was shaking and very nervous.
Bailey searched the internet, thinking maybe there was a chance that they could get a ticket for the game. Bailey found two.
Addison taught Austin how to do the laundry on their own before they moved out.
Tracy was still good at golf after all of these years from the championchips.
Despite an age different of 35 years, and only having met once before, Taylor used Jordan's first name.
Bailey made pie for their family for Thanksgiving.
Taylor walked to the coffee shop with his friend. After he ordered, Taylor put sugar in the coffee.
Kendall moved another piece of furniture even though the doctor said don't lift anything heavy.
Skylar wanted to go on a trip so they took Casey to Disneyland.
Austin reached his goals before the monthly deadline at his company.
Tracy adopted a child because she thought there were a lot of orphans who could use a home.
Austin never used drugs, never drank alcohol, and never used a bad word.
Addison gave Cameron the power to choose the hours of all the employees.
Lee found it in tracy's closet and tracy was mad that lee was looking in there.
Quinn wrote a kid's book for her son Carson to read at bedtime.
Addison scheduled Casey, her dog, to show at 8 am on Friday.
Lee sent the child to the principal's office to get punished for bad behavior.
Austin discussed every answer with the class on the day before the test.
robin looked into cameron's eyes to try and see if they were lying and robin thought they were.
Austin knew how important Christmas was to Kendall, and she couldn't string the lights this year so Austin decorated Kendall's house for her.
Lee made a beautiful wedding cake for the reception and met Casey's expectations.
Robin was in hospital recooperating after an operation so Skylar decorated Robin's room to have it ready for their return.
Sasha rose from the ashes to surprise everyone and run for office.
Jordan carried his plans out when he was finished building the machine.
Jan ripped the paper apart after she read the note her friend had left telling her to clean the apartment.
Casey maintained their power at the company by working harder then everyone else.
Riley spent their lunch break at their friend's party. Riley enjoyed the party.
Aubrey kept their home safe and no one ever tried to break into it.
Cameron used Sydney's water well because theirs ran out at home.
Skylar was hungry so they went somewhere and got food to eat.
After the buyer returned the shoes they purchased, Quinn paid the buyer back.
Tracy wanted to hear the TV better so they turned up the volume.
Remy had a long day at the office and was finally at home resting.
Cameron pissed their pants after a very long night of drinking while they were passed out.
Tracy kept their mother away from the new baby because the mother wasn't there when it was born.
Sasha accidentally burnt the food they were cooking and ordered pizza for their family.
lee gave the worker a bonus to show how much they appreciated their hard work.
Tracy asked Lee to give them a break before pushing onward into the snow.
Jesse sent his assistant to the meeting instead today.
Casey went to the soup kitchen to get some food for her family.
Looking to catch up after a long period away, Robin saw Taylor all the time.
I was playing at my friend's house and then Aubrey came over, too.
Riley had an awful outfit on for the party, but Jordan persuaded Riley to change.
Quinn didn't know what to do and found it hard to help Robin.
Cameron opened a new bank account after he started a job.
Ash and Jordan went to the baseball game and Ash bought them both a hot dog and a beer at the concession stand.
Kai ran a ten kilometer marathon in record time and they slept well that night.
Jan started climbing the mountain after getting new hiking boots for his birthday.
Lee eliminated every insect from his vast collection.
Remy invited their friend Aubrey over to a sleep over and she accepted.
Jan showed the picture they took of Austin to them.
Austin had grown some nice vegetables over the summer. Austin sold their produce in the market.
Her friend was sick and unable to go to the concert with her as expected, so Aubrey got autographs.
Addison made sure to listen to Kendall's ideas and put them into action as much as possible.
Ask secured the area and kept it clear, ensuring the safety of Kai.
Jordan brought the food to Sasha's end of the hall because people were there.
Kai gave one of their soccer balls to the child so they could play with it.
Quinn never looked the mirror when they parked their car. Quinn's car rear ended another car.
After winning a prize in a writing competition, Carson received praise from others.
Kendall didn't know how to put it into words, so Riley expressed Kendall's feelings.
Alex was asked his side of the story, so he gave the officer his statement.
Robin was teaching Kai how to meditate. Robin managed to help Kai clear their mind of thoughts.
Kai took a fishing trip with a few buddies to get a way.
Baileys dog ran away. Bailey asked the neighbors and others to help.
Kai told his friends that he did not wanna go to the party.
Casey took Austin's chances away when he pushed Austin off the racetrack.
Lee drove home a valid point while they were arguing with other people.
Casey had learned how to handle it two different ways, but decided to use the Austin, Texas procedure.
Aubrey got down on one knee and proposed. Aubrey awaited Cameron to answer the question.
Carson had been single for a while and felt like finding a person to spend the rest of their lives with so Carson decided to try online dating.
Ash got Cameron's mom ant they went to the party together.
Jordan had never done it but he wanted to try anyway.
Ash reconciled the answer unto himself after he had been struggling with figuring out what was wrong.
Jesse was a very accomplished dancer and had mastered several different styles of dance.
Austin grabbed Taylor by the short hairs on his head and slammed him to the ground.
Skylar left the house early and drove to his first day of work one morning.
Jordan made up her mind and decided to tell Addison she had said something cruel.
Alex's family was in the military and they moved around a lot.
Sydney was embraced in the grasp of a muscular man they embraced and kissed each other in a public space.
Taylor, working one night at a bar, stirred a bunch of men's drinks.
Austin left the hospital alone after the operation had ended.
Riley went to see it and found the play to be very inspiring.
Cameron placed a bet with all the rent money and took a chance with the dice.
Cameron broke up with their girlfriend and then drove away angry.
Jordan pushed themselves away from Skylar after she said something mean.
Even though their car was in the shop, Cameron found a way to the store.
Cameron was helping Jan move to another residence. Cameron moved Jan's furniture.
Lee spent all of Remy's money on a gift for them.
Ash was tired and did not like to hear loud music playing from their radio.
Kai was at the zoo and saw the animal up close.
Sasha is a student at a beauty school.
Kendall wasn't sure if she would be able to afford the payments on a new car.
Quinn had too much to drink with his friends and ultimately was kicked out of the bar.
remy had to take the risk so he put all his eggs in one basket.
Sasha had a bid decision to make so she asked for advise from Sydney.
Casey seemed to know everything there was to know about France. Casey became an expert to Aubrey.
Kendall stole money but afterwards they deeply regretted doing so.
Tracy dropped the class to go to the movies and watch the latest blockbuster.
Kai had to stay home because they had to take care of their siblings.
Alex was told Kai did not want anything for their birthday but Alex got something anyway.
Remy wanted to create her own busy so she formed an organization with Jesse.
Quinn always though Ash was weaker than him until he squeezed his hand.
Alex was ready to give up. That wasn't a real option.
Robin told Cameron nothing.
Tracy liked Remy a lot and told them they cared for them.
Addison finally joined the army which has always being her goal thus, she wore her given uniform with pride.
Robin talked to their brother about the new love seat.
Quinn gained new clients after the sale because he was so personable.
Sydney designed cakes to make sales and was able to sell many of the cakes.
After practicing teetherball for weeks, Bailey became very good at the game and won.
Casey wanted something sweet to eat but decided to make something.
according to the article Carson learned to read.
Alex started to scream when the kidnappers but them in the trunk of the car.
Robin expressed interest in Jordan and asked him out on a date.
Quinn helped Austin's community by donating tons of money to Austin's community for many years.
Remy was coming to town to visit his friend Austin. Austin was so excited that he could not sleep.
Casey was able to set Remy's clothes out in complete order.
jordan showed their parents where they work so that they would be impressed.
quinn was acting stupid so alex gave her a idea.
Sasha settled with Bailey and they moved on.
Sasha saw a lot of potential for greatness in Addison and so she provided Addison with many opportunities for advancement.
Taylor did her best and improved the patients health.
Jordan was moving out of state and had to handle all his affairs. Jordan tied up loose ends before the move.
Lee challenged Austin at a game for a gamble and then won the game.
Kai didn't know what college he wanted to go to. Kai spent some time thinking about it in his room.
jan was teaching remy math so she focused his attention.
Bailey was bitten by the bug.
Casey sold Quinn's car and got a lot of money to buy another car.
Cameron put their tree outside and watered it every day of the year.
Austin took Bailey to the doctor when Bailey hurt her arm.
Kendall was stressed and anxious and had too much to deal with so Lee stepped in and settled Kendall's affairs.
After receiving a phone call, Tracy quickly rushed home.
Kai was sitting on the street with a cap infront of them at their feet and asked the passer by for money.
Lee wanted to attend the dinner but was stuck in traffic so he would be late.
Jan performed the job well and was pleased when she was offered a promotion.
Quinn told Tracy what they intended to achieve in the community project that they volunteered.
skylar was pregnant so she felt a wiggle in her hip.
Seeing that there was an opportunity to be had, Jordan quickly took a shot.
Alex governed every territory in the country after his father died.
Even though he was tempted by many items on the restaurant menu, Austin knew what to eat to stay on a healthy diet.
Kendall found a new toy and played with it at their home in the tub.
Riley was scared of the dark because of monsters.
Tracy danced around the question, but finally admitted to stealing the wallet from the customer.
Remy couldn't decide, so Sasha made the decision for him that he should shave his head and buy chicken nuggets.
Sydney thanked her client for Sasha's assistance after Sasha fixed the machine.
Sydney had always been quick to mischief but careful Skylar was now in trouble because of Sydney.
Bailey made Austin's enemy cry after the enemy hit Austin.
Cameron told Remy to call if she needed any help with her math homework.
Sydney bought a replacement ahead of time since the part was so hard to find.
Riley poured fuel on the fire to make it shine brighter.
Quinn had a broken wagon wheel after going over some rocks. Kendall fixed.
Ash really understood the people he met and got along with them.
Remy cupped Sasha's butt so he got slapped in the head.
Skylar was a nurse in a hospital and she was in charge of a patient. Skylar monitored the patient's blood pressure daily.
Jesse covered his car with the little bit of snow off of the ground to take the perfect picture.
Tracy tried exercising at home. It was hard to discipline themselves.
Remy was full of rage after catching Aubrey cheating, that he jerked her head.
Aubrey saw Kai as a friend and had a good chat about the weather next week.
Lee went out with his college friends and couldn't help but have a good time.
Riley was running after being told not to. He slipped and fell, cutting his knee.
Quinn made it a reality to score the most points in the basketball game.
Jan saw Kendall's works at the museum and was impressed.
Sasha asserted one's independence by making a gesture to tell them to go away.
Remy was still upset because after he lost the soccer game.
Robin always wanted to see the world so she decided to take a sabbatical and backpack all over the world.
Christopher was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney replied back to her friends with poorly thought out generic text.
Taylor sent me a text message about their birthday party and told me not to tell the others.
Arianna was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex spent their time with people helping them get things done on his own time.
Ariana was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Tracy left the party exhausted after a long day of work and socializing.
Carson lived a block away from the gang, and threw rocks at their cars.
Skylar took their mom to the emergency room after they feel down mysteriously while cooking dinner.
Sydney had been dating Alex for five years, but she recently felt the need to break up with him.
Jan lost all of Kendall's money playing poker as they were drunk when they were playing.
Quinn offered to help people get better in class.
Alex climbed the mountain. After several days Alex reached the peak.
Jordan put posters up around the hall to promote the event.
Austin liked to imagine that it was the old west and built a fort.
Aubrey reviewed the chart before giving her take on it to everyone else.
Sydney visited their aunt and told their aunt that they missed not seeing them more often.
Carson started Jan on a diet program after Jan came to Carson for advice and coaching.
Taylor was making a batch of personalized cupcakes, and Taylor made Ash's the best in the world.
Lee put Cameron's plan into effect after the boss said it was okay.
Robin avenged their father's reputation after he was publicly humiliated previously.
Lee's parents bought him the new bike he had asked them for. Lee rode a bike to school.
Robin was especially hard to get along with so she tried to be more friendly.
Robin made Kendall do the night deposit every time despite it being his responsibility.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly on the neck slowly.
There was a wreck on the road ahead of us so Jordan stopped my car.
ash moved recently and she happened to be move near sasha.
Jordan is a bodyguard assigned to protect Bailey.
Robin introduced the new student to the class by talking about his hobbies and his favorite foods.
The next day Alex left to go to the coffee shop for some coffee.
Robin gave Casey a blow from a big punch in the boxing match.
Austin fought the crazed intruder who was trying to injure Quinn. Austin saved Quinn's life.
Lee decided to take a walk after being stuck in the office working all day.
Lee recommended his friend to see the doctor.
While giving a long speech Riley took off on a tangent.
Ash gave Jan an opportunity and Jan worked hard to become the best employee ever.
Quinn was a financial consultant for a company, and they reduced the budget by 10 percent.
Carson would get better at cooking if he had a modern stove.
Jesse and Kendall hand't been dating for long, that's why Kendall was so surprised when Jesse put marriage on the table.
After hearing the harrowing story of her grandmother's early life in New York and how it had traumatized her, Robin thought it best to keep the questions to herself, and said never a word.
Aubrey decided to take a chance on betting on the game.
Sasha made a nice dinner for their friends on family on Thanksgiving.
Sasha took the cats to the pound to find better homes for them.
Jesse worked for the city and got a grant for helping out people off the clock.
Although Riley's car broke down, she still got back in time for the movie.
Skylar constructed another device. The were determined to build as many as possible.
After trying to pantomime the story Jan put their story into words.
Riley took his friends to a fancy restaurant for the annual birthday celebration.
Jesse loved to play football. It was their favorite sport.
Jan cooked the pasta with a strainer and a pot.
Skylar threw a surprise party for their dear friend's birthday.
Casey watched some television with his friends while he was at his home.
Aubrey bought Alex's lunch and it was a slice of pizza with bread.
Sydney gave Riley high hopes for the coming Olympic Games that would be hosted there in the next year.
Jesse watered Alex's lawn while he was away on vacation.
Kai was so hurt and disgusted catching Remy in the act that day.
Robin married Alex's cousin which he did not approve of since he hated her.
Tracy assisted in jewelry making which did everyone a huge favor and helped big time.
Jesse went to the grocery store and had a worker wheel his cart. Afterwards, he gave thanks in cash.
Remy showed Alex love. Alex then pulled away from Remy in response.
Kendall cooked dinner for Riley's family that evening with a meal of spaghetti pasta.
Remy hired a tutor to help him with his math.
Lee became the best by stepping over everyone and abusing his power.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble after Quinn did something she didn't like.
Alex was about to make meatballs but he didn't want his sleeves to get dirty so he rolled them up.
Tracy came to help Addison with her big new project she was working on.
Kai went to see a movie starring Jackie Chan.
Lee was very hungry and tore open the container to get something to eat.
Bailey spent a lot of time helping out the siblings party.
Robin was a gang leader whom Jesse had crossed. Jesse spared Robin's life this time.
Remy told Jordan they were sorry about the cold food at the restaurant.
Instead of practicing, Aubrey went to the library and read books. As a result, Aubrey didn't make the basketball team that year.
Rush hour traffic was even worse than usual, so Casey came home late.
Quinn is sneaky, very disloyal member of the team.
Addison wanted to adopt a new puppy, so Alex took Addison to the animal shelter.
Aubrey assisted the customer in the manner they were accustomed to.
cameron listened to both politicians and supported both their views.
Addison and Tracy were having a discussion about sports and they could not reach an agreement fast enough so Addison basically told Tracy to shut up;.
Riley stared at Sasha with lustful eyes while she was getting dressed.
Tracy smelt like the perfume that Bailey just bought and received compliments on.
Sydney kept Addison entertained when they were spending time and their house.
Lee was the teachers assistant. Lee found the test key laying on top of the teacher's desk and kept his lips sealed.
Cameron asked the man a favor about helping him mow the lawn that afternoon.
Aubrey decided to buy a new house with the money they won in the lottery.
Jesse loved to play football so much that he looked up a local football team to join.
Casey went to see a foreign art film. Casey thoroughly enjoyed the movie.
Ash made sure to be stern to draw out Jesse's response.
Sasha used tape to prevent the papers from falling apart on their desk.
Carson was always interested in his friend Cameron's sister, he finally worked up the nerve to tell her.
Kai was in charge of taking care of Remy's dog while she was away.
Remy thought it was worth the wait. But he was wrong about the job after all.
Sydney hurriedly put the rest in the trunk after loading up the back seat of the car.
Quinn, the eldest brother in the family agreed to go with Taylor to the park if they could switch bedrooms first.
remy took a lot of vitamin c so he felt better the next day.
Sydney let a big secret slip and was very sorry for the mistake.
Austin never let them see him cry in public.
Ash rested Austin's head on his shoulder and stroked his hair.
Kai was in the market for a new car and decided to go to a dealer to see the options.
Bailey explained the theory to her parents the other day.
During the competition, Ash outperformed Sasha and ultimately got the best of them.
Jordan performed his tasks quickly so that they would be able to do something fun.
When he saw the two children in a canoe drifting towards the waterfall, he risked life and limb to swim out and save them successfully.
Kai hired someone to move when he realized his truck would not be able to fit his sofa.
Lee was always playing pranks on his co-workers. They have had enough.
Casey came and got their laundry from their mom's house after it was clean.
Riley forces Jan to enter the contest even though she hated to perform in contests.
Bailey needed to go to several different places and take care of errands.it took all of Addison's time driving him to all those places.
Robin knew Sydney well and could tell what they were thinking.
Addison went to the kitchen and fed the kittens their favorite kibble.
Quinn rode Lee's skateboard all day, and ended up breaking it.
Quinn's dog kept stealing the other dogs' toys at the dog park, and Quinn wagged a finger at his dog to tell him to stop.
Sydney made a beautiful piece of jewelry that shone like the summer sun.
Casey cared for Kai's children while Kai went out to dinner with their wife.
Remy's teacher informs them they must get a 90% on the test to pass the class. Remy studies all week for the test.
After Bailey had sex with her husband and farted in her face, Jan decided to give Bailey another shot.
Alex heard what mean things his friend would say when he was not around.
Alex left a chair behind Addison while they weren't looking as a prank.
Robin published their work and sold a lot of copies of their book.
Austin held the arms of Riley so Riley could not flail them.
Sasha rode their bike every day no matter what the weather or how busy she was.
Addison fulfilled Alex's mission of picking 500 lbs of grapes.
Carson's dog rescued someone who was buried in snow. Carson's dog received praise from others.
Carson had plans to visit their mother the following Monday.
As a responsible parent, Alex bought Carson's phone for him and didn't charge him.
Jan set the plan in motion after running out of money for food.
Skylar guessed on a test and thought she could be wrong on it.
Addison made a sandwich.
jan had a gambling habit that she was weak to at the casino, so jan lost all kendall's money.
Robin found a black shirt. It was on the side of the road.
Taylor had second thoughts after leaving their friend a note, but fortunately, Taylor got the note back.
Robin gave Jordan something to understand, but no matter how hard they tried, Jordan couldn't get it.
Bailey found a huge way to express love is to be genuinely interested in the life of those you care about.
Lee left their bike at school and it was ultimately stolen by others in a callous way.
Sasha knew, based on their experiences, that the heat would go out over the winter.
Kai got the dirty water off his chest with a sheet of newspaper.
Jordan followed behind Alex when they were on the way to the party.
The setting was beautiful, a pasture with lots of wildflowers, an angel came unto Robin and Ash there.
Kendall wanted to take her friends on a trip so they took them to the museum.
Jordan put her car on the market and is happy and content that she sold it for a profit and she is going to buy a new car with the money from the sale.
Addison looked at Alex and asked him if he was interested in learning math.
Kendall moved the economy in the right direction after she changed a lot of laws.
jesse was walking by sasha so he caught her breath in his nostrils.
Tracy was badly hurt after falling trying to ski down a steep hill.
Sasha went to a baseball game with a group of friends to see who will win.
Aubrey waited for Cameron's answer to the hard question they asked.
Tracy raised an eyebrow at Aubrey after Aubrey asked an offensive question about Tracy.
Casey knew how important it was in scientific experimentation to be precise, so he used Austin's exact procedure.
Ash went on a field trip to the jail with his class and learned a lot that day.
Jesse opened their own business and it was very successful right away.
Kendall threw to the dogs a treat he bought for them during the day.
It had only been a day since he broke up with her and he wasn't ready to talk to her yet, so Jesse avoided contact with Addison in the store.
Tracy saw Kai like this after Kai had fallen off of their bike.
Tracy challenged Grandma to a race. Grandma was wicked fast and not to be underestimated.
Jan needed to get information that Quinn had access to so she used Quinn's identity to obtain it.
Ash went to the live auditions and got an autograph from the female celebrity.
Kai let Robin sleep because she was up late and didn't feel well.
Alex ran scared from the ghost that was dressed up in the hallway.
Ash sued their boss for neglect, since Ash hadn't gotten a raise in 15 years.
Kai wanted to kiss Remy. She gazed into his eyes waiting for him to kiss her.
Alex had cut Tracy's throat with a box cutter.
Lee gave Alex's hand a shake when they met at the party.
Leonardo was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
taylor was a snitch who wanted to please her superiors so she got them in trouble.
Addison visited the pet store she's never been to to buy cat food.
While Jan was frantically looking inside the house, Jordan found Jan's keys out back.
Addison has just turned thirteen and as a new teen their parents allowed her to pick out a new pet.
After Cameron offered some cookies to Jordan several times, Jordan ate Cameron's cookies and said they were good.
Alex painted Austin's nails at his request one day after school.
Lee opened their mouth and let out all of the group's secrets accidentely.
Carson saw a picture of Cameron's sister in the yearbook. Carson told Cameron's sister they were pretty.
Aubrey bought Alex's lunch for him on his birthday.
Lee was thankful that Sydney lent him some money.  To show his gratitude, he made Syndey a nice dinner.
Ash held back his hair and supported him as he vomited from the flu.
Excited about her first prom, Carson went to the store and bought some new shoes.
Austin joined basketball team and got a great grade at the freshman year of the college.
Alex stayed at the bar and watched the game despite the fact it went into overtime and got home very late.
Aubrey devoted their life to the work after being inspired by a needy child.
Jesse thought he had a baseball card that was worth a lot so he got it check out and it was valuable.
Carson scraped together a small amount of money to give to a friend in need.
Austin decorated Kendall's house for the party with homemade decorations even though he was so busy.
Quinn made the gift extra special and gave it to their mom.
Cameron is a doctor in a hospital. Cameron checked some of a patient's vitals and then increased the patient's medication.
Addison and Kai asked Quinn if they wanted to be a partner making a new product.
Sasha showed Kai's daughter how to tie her shoes by herself.
Austin practiced cheerleading frequently. When it came time for cheerleading tryouts at school, Austin showed their moves to the team captain.
Kendall walked a mile in Skylar's shoes and saw her perspective about how hard it is.
Addison played very well with the kids from down the street.
Jan performed the job well after getting the promotion due to hard work and proficiency.
Quinn asked for something to help understand the painting. Riley gave Quinn a view of the background.
Jan, a skilled seamstress, gave Addison her order of tailor-made clothing after weeks of work.
Sydney didn't give up on herself.
Ash was scared of the dark. Kai walked home with Ash.
Sydney knew right away that the displayed artwork hanging in the museum was a fake.
Ash told Sydney about the thing she had done without her knowing.
Kai revved their car engine before he raced another car.
Tracy fought Aubrey's way and Aubrey and Tracy managed to win the war on their own.
Cameron announced Kendall's arrival, who everyone was waiting for at the party.
Bailey was so mad at Riley that he threw all Bailey´s things away.
Tracy forced their work upon Ash when Tracy wanted to go home early.
Lee raised Quinn's head so that they could see the danger and avoid it.
Cameron was angry at Sydney's brother and had to yell at him for a few long minutes.
Austin acted as if Casey was an annoyance so Casey stopped bothering Austin.
After sleeping through their alarm, Jordan was running late for school.
Riley took a boat. It was a rare experience.
Carson told Cameron's sister about Cameron's secret.
Jan prolonged Lee's life by getting a heart transplant that took a few hours.
Sasha told Quinn to meet her at the barn after school was over.
Jan accused Lee of cheating at the video game when they lost.
Kai had always played piano, but eventually got curious about trying the violin.
Robin brought Kendall to the attention of the police when she realized she fit the description of the wanted person.
Sydney was trying to figure out how Kai wanted to spend their vacation time, and Sydney got Kai to make up their mind.
Taylor loved their dog as much as anyone else did.
robin held the ball in ash's arms so that ash would know how the game is played.
Casey went away with Cameron's father on a luxury cruise vacation.
Cameron hit his brother for kissing his girlfriend behind his back.
Kendal proved every person wrong when he demonstrated a machine at work.
Cameron used Sydney's desk well and studied at it often.
Sasha had paid Riley for services rendered by check because they had no cash on hand, and after leaving the site, Riley cashed Sasha´s check.
Jordan weighed too little at birth, but managed to become a prizefighter when he grew up.
Robin worked either shift that was available and turns out both were.
Sydney hid in a different place because Ash wanted her to.
Kendall took the bull by the horns when she was in a tough spot.
Aubrey was cleaning the bedroom, and found clothes under their bed.
Carson gave Riley an idea for the paper Riley had to write for school.
Taylor cooks hamburgers better than anyone else, and their cookouts are always a hit.
Tracy took Lee's life after Lee threatened her children with a gun.
Robin had extra money and then Robin bought a concert ticket.
Sasha had the flu for two weeks. It was finally time to Sasha to get back to work.
Tracy hurt Austin much worse and Austin had to go to the hospital for a week.
Kai didn't want to set the infant carrier on the floor so, Kai placed Bailey on the table.
Robin got Skylar fired from her job after Skylar was caught embezzling money from the employer.
taylor wanted to help kai so he helped him lose weight.
Kendall wanted Kai to go to school, so they sent Kai on their way.
Sydney wanted to reward Skylar for her great test grade, so she took Skylar for ice cream.
Aubrey saw an old man wandering the store looking lost.
Carson wanted to touch Quinn and so, he didn't hesitate to act.
Remy lived with Robin for twenty five years, protecting them from harm.
Sydney took Lee to a parade where things got rowdy. Sydney kept Lee apart from the commotion.
Aubrey drove the crowd back with a lit, flaming torch.
Jesse got egg on their face from the food fight which was a great time for everyone.
Riley imposed their choice on others which was against their wishes from the beginning.
Aubrey took a deep breath and helped Jordan's composure.
Robin felt the goats oats and realized they had gotten mushy from the rain.
Sydney got separated at birth from her twin in 1990.
After hearing their concerns about a new job, Skylar gave Carson peace.
Casey returned to Jordan's room with food after leaving to cook.
After years of long-distance friendship, Jesse met Kendall's wife during a visit.
Jan wants to go to Disneyland next year.
Kendall was throwing himself a big birthday party and wanted people to come.
Kendall found it in life and worked out to become the best athlete he could be.
Austin reassigned Kendall and Tom to the most dangerous base during the war and made them fight.
Alex was a respected General in the US Army.
Robin started school at noon and was ready on time while the others were late.
Robin called the pizza company and placed an order for delivery.
Taylor kick the ball into the net and when the game.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the background of the situation of the deadly murder.
Kendall kissed Quinn's neck while they were at the movies.
Taylor's first story sucked so he presented another one.
Carson went hunting with Tyler when they both had time off of work.
Alex tried hard, but felt defeated and quit playing all together.
Jordan couldn't sleep, so they took some nighttime pain medication to help drift off.
Tracy pressed upon Austin accidentally in the elevator and had to make an apology about this accident.
Alex put their things away because it was time to do chores.
Tracy told Jesse the good news. Tracy couldn't wait to see her response.
Jesse lost every game because he never practice when the coach told him to.
Jan was very unhappy with their husband's recent behavior, so Jan filed for a divorce.
Jesse was ready for work but when they looked out they realised it had snowed the previous night and their car was snowed in so Jesse shovelled their driveway.
Kai threw a penny into the water as a way for good luck.
When Ash learned that another girl was interested in them, Ash gave Casey a note with his number to deliver to the girl.
Alex had a long month of school he chose that he has to have a party at his house.
Sasha opened Robin's account for Robin while Robin was recuperating from an accident.
Quinn held Aubrey's feet to the fire because Aubrey made a slight infraction to the rules.
tracy wanted to play a instrument so she decided to choose to play the violin.
Casey slammed on their brakes after seeing a deer in the road while riding with others.
taylor was a irritating person so he tore addison's eyes away.
Bailey pushed Robin's hair back and saw that Robin had a black eye from being abused.
Robin gave her child a haircut after the child got gum stuck in his hair.
Skylar started college this year and paid their tuition in full.
Lee threw the remote across the room because the remote was broken for hours.
Sasha extended Skylar's punishment at the expense meeting because she felt like she didn't learn her lesson.
aubrey was a selfish person but she still thanked their friend.
Sydney designed buildings to make and everyone loved her work.
Sydney lived with Carson's parents until she could save enough money to get an apartment.
Bailey rounded the corner like any real pro should.
Addison spoke very well of their group even though they were incompetent.
Skylar took pictures of Remy and decided to post them on the web.
Jordan carefully removed the trap from the trail, so they wouldn't accidentally get caught in it.
Casey looked above Kai to see what was coming.
Jesse told Ash her secret yesterday that has been weighing on her for months.
Kai tested the student's knowledge with a difficult test intended to make them fail.
Lucas was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Easton was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
The bathroom was in need of towels so Sasha took two more to the room.
Sasha entered Kai's house to set up the party.
Jordan got their things together for the long vacation trip .
Sasha was Addison's new friend and Addison hoped that Sasha would get to know their family so Addison invited Sasha over and Sasha ended up playing catch with Addison's dad.
Casey and Bailey were getting married, and Casey met Bailey's sister.
Aubrey did it justice and did very well singing the song.
Taylor got a good grade on a test after studying all week.
Jordan stayed afloat on the raft and had to pray that a ship would pass by to find them.
Sydney tossed and turned in bed and could not get back to sleep.
Kendall gave Robin a better understanding by studying with her that night.
Ash went home disappointed when her boyfriend broke up with her.
Quinn got a vanilla birthday cake that they requested for their birthday.
Quinn's motorcycle would break everytime he rode it and Quinn got sick of it.
Carson took Ash to see the movie. He also paid for everything including meals.
Taylor chased the ball into the street and just barely avoided being hit by a truck.
Aubrey broke a glass she was holding in the restaurant.
Jan told Austin that they wanted to go to the park for a run.
Skylar gave Carson peace of mind after their long winded conversation.
Riley had contracted rabies and was foaming at the mouth.
Tracy was feeling lonely so they went to an animal shelter and found a kitten. Tracy brought the kitten home.
Tracy grabbed the fishing pole and cast Robin's line.
Sydney looked Kai straight in the eye and stared until Kai started squirming and looked away.
Skylar hated to waste time looking for anything, so they always put things away the right way.
Cameron works at a tattoo shop. Taylor came in and picked Cameron to do their tattoo.
Jesse spent time online after a long hard day of work.
Kendall took the kids to the museum. They had a great time looking at fossils.
Ash used Aubrey's car to get to the doctor's appointment.
Jordan let their cat outside. A few hours later, Jordan heard the cat crying at the door.
Taylor gave Jesse his medicine as directed by the doctor.
Bailey placed Taylor at the head of the class because she performed the best.
Tracy was given detention for texting on their phone during class.
aubrey was a kind person so she bought casey a pair of pants.
Jan effects Quinn's escape by sabotaging it and calling the police.
Sasha's project wouldn't stay flat and kept coming up. Sasha used tape to prevent it from loosening.
Aubrey was frustrated.  She couldn't find the answers anywhere in her book.
Robin bought shoes on sale even though she already had hundreds of pairs.
Austin begged and begged his parents to be allowed to get a pet dog.
Customary to checkups before cooking in the kitchen, Bailey had her hands out for inspection by the supervisor.
After winning multiple games in a row of blackjack, Carson pulled the money away from the table.
Taylor played for hours and was finally exhausted and hungry.
Kai turned their lights on because it was getting dark.
Bailey pushed Tracy's arm away to keep them off of them.
Remy closed up shop early and rushed back home to meet with his wife.
Sascha knew she would like school, and she worked hard to do well.
Jesse told Robin's parents about the fact that they were dating each other.
according to the article Casey was brushing their teeth.
Riley treated her employees to  a delicous dinner at a fancy restaurant after a hard day at work.
Alex returned his attention the the movie after Skylar asked for some popcorn.
Austin got in a car wreck, he called his father.
Skylar washed Cameron's hair with the fancy shampoo he got.
Cameron impressed Skylar's boyfriend when he interviewed Cameron for a job opening.
Because Kendall was hired as a private chef by Riley, she cooked lunch for Riley's family.
Jesse caught Sasha stealing her wallet.  Jesse sought Sasha's explanation.
Having had her broken leg pinned and put in a cast, Tracy couldn't drive. So Alex drove her home and put Tracy to bed.
Cameron got the message across that they weren't going to participate.
Carson obeyed more women than men because he respected them.
Carson tied the knots together to secure the safety rope before propelling down the cliff.
Remy did something to hurt Jordan so Remy asked Jordan's pardon so it could be put in the past.
After a long grueling semester, Tracy took the final exam and finished their course today.  Now they would graduate.
Quinn needed Alex's help to cook a big dinner for everyone.
Lee made Carson their wife, file for divorce the very next day.
Taylor advanced towards Robin when she saw that Robin needed help.
Carson didn't listen but still didn't suffer any consequences for disrupting his favorite teacher's lecture.
Remy is a lonely nurse on the hospital's ICU night shift.  He doesn't normally interact with anyone on his rounds as most of the patients are asleep or in comas.  The one person he sees almost every night is Casey.  Remy has a bit of a crush on Casey.  For the years they've worked together, Remy has kept this a secret and just engaged in small talk with Casey, but inside he was falling more and more in love with her.  One Tuesday night, Remy brings a bunch of his prized possessions into work and gives them to Casey to show he likes her.
Aubrey loosened the zipper of Carson's pants although Carson did not want her to.
Cameron killed their son and had to go to prison to serve his evil act.
Robin provided and environment for Austin to where they could learn and grow.
Lee was nervous about Jesse's decision, so Jesse put Lee's mind at ease by telling him what he wanted to hear.
Austin  always wanted to ride Jesse´s bike, but never was brave enough to ask, but one day Austin rid Jesse's bike.
Riley was very determined and he attained his end goal.
Tracy had just taken a shower and was deciding whether to dress.
Austin did not want to go to the party, but his mother made him.
Robin was looking for to a long vacation to spend time with his family.
Ash has always been fond of collecting blankets.
Jan turned their car into the driveway, so he can make some repairs on the vehicle.
Taylor quickly learnt from their mistakes when doing math problems.
Robin visited their sister for the first time in over 10 years.
There was a fire burning in the yard with a bunch of debris. The ashes smelt so bad from it burning.
Riley saw monkeys at the zoo and they were playing on the bars.
Robin provided the sketch artist, Kendall detailed information about the robber's face.
Skylar decided to get married after many years of being afraid.
Bailey has been afraid of facing his boss Cameron.
Riley saved their dog by using a vet to perform surgery on the dog's tumor growth.
Lee arrested Sydney and took her into jail so he could book her.
Riley turned back to Sasha to answer the question they had.
Kendall set off from San Francisco to find their fortune in the mountains.
Jesse ran Alex's fingers down the book to see if he could feel in his hands after having surgery.
Cameron performed Riley's work by getting a broom and sweeping the floor.
Remy ran through Aubrey's mind all day.
Austin wanted to get good grades today, so they woke up and decided to seize the day at school.
Jesse told Ash yesterday that they enjoy how humorous they are.
Tracy was trying to scare Cameron on Halloween night. Tracy snuck behind Cameron and surprised them.
Sydney took Casey in her car to her destination.
Sydney asked if he could come and was pleased to go to the zoo.
Austin had been working out all day and Austin's girlfriend was revolted at kissing Austin.
Riley was going to arrive tomorrow at their friends and was driving across the country.
Riley's car was out of order so Jesse was driving to Riley's house to pick up Riley.
Lee determined they would be judged by people based on their gender.
Aubrey kept an eye on Ash's things when he was away from town.
sasha would see taylor away because they had shared a lot of experiences together.
Riley was cold outside so Sasha kept Riley warm with their jacket.
Addison put her arms around Quinn's body and hugged him tight when he was upset.
Taylor operated on a patient with severe pancreatic cancer. Taylor saved the patient's pancreas.
Carson moved to another state to get a new life and get a new job.
Sasha went to Sydney to see how she could ask Dave out to the movies.
Austin grabbed a drink for himself and his date.
Jordan didn't care that they left nothing for Remy when they got a divorce and took everything with them.
Robin quickly became angry with the dishes left in the sink overnight.
Riley had a huge crush on Tracy and decided to make his move.
Sydney survived childhood and finally hit puberty growing up.
Sydney spanked the toddler's hand after he reached for the hot stove.
Addison was always a good worker even when she was upset, she always performed her duty.
Kendall had devised a brilliant business plan but had become very unwell and could no longer work so Addison put Kendall's plan into action for them.
Ash held back tears after hearing the news about the plane crash.
Jan liked Cameron, but Cameron asked Jan's roommate to the dance.
Skylar met Alex for the first time as part of a date when they went to see a movie and dinner.
Carson has always had a goal of meeting a famous person. Today he came across one at his local shopping mall.
Taylor said that Bailey would go with her to a concert.
Aubrey took a cross country road trip with their close friends.
Alex the dancing bear suffered years of terrible abuse before we were finally able to rescue him.
Bailey guided Jan with more effort to get them to do their best.
Jordan, who started a new job and changed banks, withdrew Sasha's support money from the ATM.
Carson met their sister at the store and the shopped for dresses.
Aubrey took Robin's money from her purse yesterday for drugs.
Taylor lifted Jan's hand and put the blankets over her after she fell asleep.
Aubrey invited Addison to a play they were in. Aubrey gave Addison directions to the play.
Ash took the stand for Addison in court. Ash talked about how virtuous Addison was.
Ash paid for the boat ride and got on it with no problems.
Robin wanted to enter the competition, but needed the consent of an adult. Robin received Taylor's permission.
Riley struck a blow after she was hit by a mugger.
Jesse went home last week after college had ended for the semester.
Even though Robin asked for a lot of substitutions, Jordan got Robin's order correctly.
Alex bleached the shirts first in the washing machine before moving them to the dryer.
Robin opened Jesse's mouth to speak but Jesse got angry and wanted to speak for themselves.
Skylar sees the woman trip while walking to her car. All of the women's bags spill and groceries fall every where.
Bailey went to the cell phone store when her phone stopped working right.
Kai paid no attention to the teacher of the class as they spoke.
Taylor floated slowly down the river while the rest of the group called for Taylor.
Ash went to work and got a promotion by the boss that was there.
Robin teasingly retaliated to Kendall for the joke Kendall played by burying Kendall's face in the cake.
Austin was grounded for a month because they played with video games too much that they missed school.
Addison went to the cabin to finish writing and spent their time developing the story.
Jordan went to the ATM and withdrew all of the support money from Sasha.
Tom placed the picture in the light as he looked for anything that seemed strange.
In their article, Delaware gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Remy came back to the house to get something to eat for the night.
Tracy caused damage to Sydney's car when she drunkenly threw a shoe at it.
Jordan came back the next day after he had cooled off from the argument.
Tracy supported Taylor's views on the subject after Taylor told them what they thought.
Aubrey evaluated Quinn's performance with the scoring form she had.
Jan was very hungry so she asked her mom, Tracy for a snack. Tracy said Aubrey could have one.
Riley threw a rock at their house because she was mad at them.
taylor put food in robin's mouth because robin was a baby who couldn't do it themselves.
sasha brought the family together by singing songs and making good food.
Cameron had gone missing.  Their friends and family were looking for them.
Ash offered the job to the best candidate after thoroughly going through all of the applications.
Alex told the girl that he wanted to go out with her somewhere nice.
Kait taught students the math and they all did well on the test.
Ash felt pretty good after he rested and had a snack.
Alex promised to maintain Riley's system while he was on vacation.
Riley left their job at the store because they got a better job somewhere else.
Jan rested Kendall's forehead on her chest for a moment.
Robin helped clear Kai's mind of his worries in his life.
Addison kept asking sydney for the directions until sydney got mad and refused to give the directions again.
Alex was being mean, so Carson decided to teach Alex a lesson.
sasha was visiting another neighborhood so she saw cats everywhere.
Jesse took a chance on Sandra and asked her to the prom only to be embarrassed when she accepted but danced with Jack all night.
Riley asked the question "how do we make sure that there are no pedestrians crossing?".
Riley soaked the new clothes Taylor bought before they washed them to make sure they were clean.
Sasha had to explain Skylar's pain in terms that the doctors could understand to help.
Jesse called Carson's friend to tell him to come over.
jordan wanted to show sasha a secret place so he took her far to get there.
Sasha's son fell off the roof, so she drove him to the nearest hospital.
Taylor gave Lee's son praise when he got an A on his math test.
Aubrey performed Ash's duties because he needed some extra money.
Sasha believes that she had made the world go around her twice.
Sydney spent all morning thinking about how to raise extra money, she was in need of cash.
Robin calls the police when they see someone following them home. The old woman returns Robin's wallet but is detained by the police.
Taylor also put in money to the charity fund for refugees after seeing an advertisement.
Skylar brought the pencils back like the teacher told him to.
Carson went to the dance with Bailey and offered her some punch at the punch bowl.
Riley wanted to talk to Kendall so they called Riley later.
After he ended his rival's career, Cameron decided to get a drink and celebrate with friends.
Ash dropped the plate by accident and had to clean the plate pieces with a broom.
Kai stayed at Addison's house and they played video games all night.
Sasha heard about the store's contribution to a political candidate she hated and voted with her feet by shopping elsewhere.
Quinn called Skylar a bad name so she slapped him in the face.
Sydney went to spend a day at the beach and got their mind off of the problems.
Sydney was a great basketball player, in the big game she shot multiple three pointers.
Remy was bowling and got their bowling ball straight down the alley.
Sydney tried their best to do good on the test they had.
Remy wanted to get close to Jesse so they pressed Jesse's body.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife for permission for Bailey to join them on vacation.
Because they wanted to do something nice, Jan washed Taylor's truck.
Riley gave a birthday card to her friend that had ten dollars in it.
Austin slammed Sasha's hand in the door when they close it without paying attention.
Jordan was doing something foolish and dangerous and he broke his leg.
casey was the best chess player in the state so she beat the neighbor's brother.
Jesse satisfied Carson's curiosity by telling him the story.
Austin called Quinn and asked if he'd found the right painting at the gallery. Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting.
Riley looked in Jesse's direction, following closely behind, to see whether they would be taking the North or South exit off of the highway.
sydney had a secret so she told jan's mother something.
Cameron had fallen to sleep on Ash's lap, so Ash moved Cameron an inch.
Lee arrived on time when they were trying to get to work.
Remy surprised her parents by getting a really good grade in class.
Austin quickly made the bed before his mom came in to check his room.
Addison gave Alex assurance that she would never leave him.
Ash sent their friend to the store to pick up some groceries.
After Lee stole Tracy's lunchbox during recess, Tracy asked Lee to give it back but Lee refused.
Although they were miles away from the dog, Austin pulled the emergency brake back.
Taylor saw the ball whizzing at Kendall's head so Taylor knocked Kendall off his perch.
Taylor got through the noise and asserted her right to speach.
Ash got amongst them and they felt good about it.
Carson ran a hand through Jesse's hair and smiled at Jesse.
Skylar was wrapping Quinn's gifts for her birthday.
After a few months of being away, Casey we to go visit his grandma, and eat some of her homemade cookies.
In deference to the fallen king, Taylor placed their cloak on the throne.
Jan made the decision to wear black at her sister's wedding instead of blue.
Quinn sent Robin toa good  school outside of the town.
Carson got a glass of beer to consume at the bar.
Lee mixed the ingredients for the pie in the big kitchen.
Robin leaved Aubrey alone while she read the book.
Remy took the case to court for a judge to determine the outcome.
Taylor went to a wedding and had a nice time with her friends.
Cameron conducted an investigation to determine who had stolen the items from the cabinet.
Skylar was preparing to take a road trip and asked Addison to change the oil in the car before the trip.
Quinn wanted to finish his work, but he couldn't concentrate because he had an itchy head, so he asked Robin to scratch it.
Sydney told Baily's grandma about the death of her grand daughter Baily, tears started to flow out of her eyes.
sasha made a good argument so addison gave sasha's position their approval.
Remy pushed Cameron back because Remy wanted to defend themselves.
Tracy accidentally got high and said something they shouldn't have to their crush.
Aubrey cast a shadow puppet on the ground at the park. All of the children laughed.
Jesse told Lee a story about the college life when he studied abroad.
Alex changed his mind about loaning their friend a book, so Alex took it back.
Alex had Quinn by the balls and Alex had to do anything Quinn wanted to do.
Whether wind, rain, snow or sleet, Riley would run for 30 minutes so that they got in some exercise.
In her room with 3 guys, Robin, the coed, needs help.
Jordan gave Taylor the right gift for her birthday that was this Friday.
Jan pulled Sydney forward. She had grown tired of Sydney's refusal to obey.
Quinn offered their hand in marriage after the death of their best friend.
Kai protected their privacy and followed the terms of service policy to the letter.
Riley avenged their brother's death. His spirit could finally rest,.
Riley bared her soul after joining the Alcoholic's Anonymous group.
Casey had been training really hard for the Olympics and finally she was going for the gold.
Jordan went home after school and went straight to bed without any hesitation.
carson wanted to show his appreciation so he took jordan's hand in his own.
Robin had a musical audition coming up, so they practiced as hard as possible all month.
While walking down the street, Skylar picked up a dollar bill.
Addison wanted to run a marathon in the summer and hoped her leg was healed by then.
Aubrey seeded the plants. They needed to be tended to every season.
Aubrey thought Alex had the keys and locked the door as they exited the car.
Addison provided Kendall the correct answer and Kendall passed the test later that day.
Tracy made Bailey a Ruben sandwich and chips for lunch.
Bailey got Jordan the ticket for the event they were going to.
addison set sail for jordan because they were going to wage war against each other.
Lee developed aptitude for reading in their students by finding interesting things for them to read.
Skylar and Addison decided to enter the science fair together.
Aubrey led their team to victory. They had a great chance of becoming a professional soccer player.
Sydney got Kai to make up their mind about the new shoes.
Austin begged and begged his teacher to let him pass, but his teacher still gave him a F on the test.
Jordan took some time to read everything in the manual before getting started.
cameron closed the stable door after the horse has bolted but he couldn;t catch the horse.
Tracy played football with their friends and had a great time.
Casey went back to college after years of being a stay at home mom.
Austin sent Kendall to the war to help her fellow troops win the battle.
Riley was feeling sad and didn't ask anyone for help.
Sasha told Skylar to put away the groceries before she could go play.
Addison was unsure why Ash was dancing. Addison gave Ash a weird look.
After being told they would never be a good soccer player, Taylor kicked a ball and scored a goal from halfway across the field.
Tracy and Alex formed an association to help other people.
Kai improved their living conditions by getting a job with higher pay so they could move to a better apartment.
Aubrey took the cat to the vet because the cat was sick.
Casey had nothing to wear to go out since they postponed doing their laundry.
Alex's dog needed to go to the vet so she took the dog to the car.
Kendall bought the tickets online for the movie they were going to see tonight.
Casey had robbed a bank and he remained at large and was not even seen.
Bailey bought shoes for the new school year yesterday afternoon at the mall.
Cameron told Ash's son to stay since his son Jake was grounded.
After Carson gave their medicine a nutrition boost he realized he forgot to blend it correctly.
Skylar's team did an awesome job so he took everyone out for lunch.
Kendall saw tears run down Jordan's cheeks when Kendall told Jordan the news about his father.
Quinn needed Alex to cook dinner because she was making a Thanksgiving dinner.
Carson was new at school and befriended Quinn, so Quinn introduced him to the cool kids.
Sydney went and complained to her boss about a coworker. This affected a person's position in the company.
Alex kissed Cameron tenderly on the neck slowly.
Sasha put his hands around Jan's hips and slowly leaned into her.
Cason excluded every single person that had no ties to the democrat party.
Tracy's car flipped and she feel to Kendall's lot.
Jesse had really hurt Cameron this time, so Carson gave Jesse a lesson.
Quinn engorged the entire meal while the other patrons sat in a state of disgusted disbelief.
Aubrey's parents threw away their favorite doll, even though Aubrey loved the doll very much.
Jesse entered Sasha's room without asking while Sasha was out of town for the weekend.
kai had studied various sciences for almost ten years and finally got her doctorate.
Kai wasn't sure what to do and decided to cross that bridge when he came to it.
Austin told lies to her because Austin was trying to cover up a secret.
Austin immediately called after finding out their friend was in an accident.
Tracy was badly hurt after tripping and falling on the sidewalk.
Carson launched an attack on Sasha after she told everyone his secrets.
Addison felt threatened by the other dogs and bared his teeth.
Cameron was a brave person.  They prevented abuse by others.
tracy was a great executioner so she tightened the noose around riley.
Quinn baked some cake and gave it to a friend of theirs.
Addison found their mother sick in bed and told her she was calling the doctor.
Carson seemed to naturally feather backwards after drinking the potion that made him feel lightheaded.
Remy confirmed the answer and described her process to the rest of the students.
Lee solved Taylor's equation which nobody had ever been able to solve before.
Sydney owned a bakery and designed a lot of different cupcakes to make that everyone loved.
In their article, Idaho gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Austin loaned the money when the others where in desperate need of cash.
Remy cut to the chase when he gave the political speech.
Riley threw wood on the fire when the others complained of being cold.
Bailey's boyfriend broke up with her because he found someone else he likes better.
Riley tied Lee's shoes together which made them fall in front of everyone.
Ash went to a show and had a good time at the theater.
Alex bought Carson's phone from his home because he was playing a prank on him.
Bailey cooked dinner for her whole family on a holiday evening.
Skylar went with their friend to watch them swim. Skylar wanted to try and learn also.
Taylor was absent from Kendall's daily existence because Kendall was mad at Taylor for not coming to the party.
Quinn recently made a friend and like to play soccer with them.
Jordan wanted to go far away to sleep away camp in the summer.
Jordan stayed home from work because they weren't feeling well and wanted to relax.
Sasha saved her mother's belongings for when she returned from the hospital.
Taylor participated in a lot of extracirricular activities, and they played clarinet as well.
Taylor soon started the task she had been meaning to do for a long time.
Tracy came under Bailey's observation after Tracy lied to Beilley.
Tracy found trash in the street so she picked it up and threw it out.
Addison missed Ash and wanted to go and visit Ash as soon as possible.
Remy got their exam back and saw that the final score wasn't as good as expected.
Ash was busy and needed groceries so they sent their daughter to the store.
Tracy looked high and low for a particular item and finally found the item at the store in another county.
Kendall reached another stopping point because she got tired from her training as a runner.
Austin bought a new dress for his new girlfriend.
Lee had their driving test coming up so Lee booked more lessons and practiced harder.
Addison made sure of her answers for the homework she had.
Ash attempted to take Addison's test which was harder.
Austin took proper precautions but still got very badly hurt anyway.
Carson had just started school at a local community college. Carson took many classes.
Alex smelt a rat and hired an exterminator to get rid of the rat.
Alex fought with his parents a lot. Alex packed up his car and never looked back.
Jordan was trying to watch a movie but his girlfriend was busy talking to much .
Taylor sent their friend a text message after they found out about their friend's recent loss.
Bailey killed the spider with a stone after it spooked her very much.
Kai set Cameron's jar on the table and admired it as it sat there.
Kai got their ball after it was kicked far.
Austin scored a touchdown and was so excited because that won them the game.
Jesse had a dog who had passed away and this made Jesse feel sad and loney so Jesse went to the local dog shelter to choose another dog to keep them company.
Lee married another teacher from the school district.
ash had known jordan since they were kids so ash loved jordan a lot.
Jesse got a tutor before a hard test that was coming up.
The person got murdered last year and the detectives finally solved the case.
Skylar was feeling very tired after arguing loudly with Mary.
Remy painted the living room when he got sick of the old color.
Jordan pieced the information together as he solved the crime.
Alex sent shivers down Skylar's spine when he gave her a temple massage.
Remy offered to teach Bailey free of charge for the lessons.
Alex realized that Jan left her wallet in his car after he dropped her off.
Tracy told Jan to take the leftover food since they had plenty.
After accepting the iron man challenge, Casey conquered every single task.
Ash pulled back a little on the jokes to not offend anyone.
Skylar contributed to Tracy's success in every way they possibly could.
Aubrey bought a new gun and went shooting in the woods with it.
Jordan took her daughter to see the trapeze artists at the circus.
Taylor met Alex half way where they decided to meet for a date but he stayed out past curfew.
Casey accidentally hit Riley in the face with a bat. Riley wiped blood off his face.
Remy at their work meeting told everyone what they needed to do at work today.
Kai went to a camp with lots of people. Kai got the dirty water off their chest.
Tracy went on vacation and decided to rent a car.
Taylor took my daughter to her dance class since I was still recovering from my surgery.
They went to the market to buy apples, but Austin gave them pears instead.
Sasha gave their daughter medicine for her sore throat.
Kai passed the Casey act after Casey was run over by a drunk driver.
Ash grounded Kai for a month after learning of his bad grades.
Sydney took a ski trip to a few states and was very shocked.
Sydney knocked on Carson's door to see if they are home.
During a moment of silence before the funeral someone made a loud commotion. Tracy made the noise.
Alex put their things on the floor so he could make the bed.
Austin begged and begged to go on the trip with his dad.
Kendall was sacked for their previous job for always being late but it was only afterwards that Kendall realised how stupid they were so they found a new job.
They had been friends since childhood, and Alex knew Jan really well.
Aubrey foundered after coming upon Addison at the meeting for the affair.
Young Sasha knew that she needed to listen and follow her mothers instructions.
Needing to get the project done, Skylar depended upon numerous factors.
Ash welcomed Cameron back to the team after Cameron apologized for insulting everybody.
Carson wrote Ash's letter to the college for admission.
Quinn was having difficulty so he selected a different assignment.
Quinn was meeting up with some people at a bar, so Austin hung out with Quinn's friends.
Addison beat the others in the race. Addison got the last laugh.
Sasha got her first car after she was accepted into a college.
Alex was curious if there was something hidden below the dirt in the ditch.
Aubrey evaluated Quinn's performance on the brutal math test.
Austin sent the girl to school with a healthy lunch and all the supplies she needed.
Casey was unable to open the car door for a while and it was hot inside.  Casey finally got out safely.
Jan just got out of the shower. Jan got their towel to put around them.
Jordan bought their supplies for the new school year ahead of time this year.
Ash and the family grew apart when they didn't like Ash's new boyfriend.
At the end of the huge Thanksgiving dinner, Jordan ate pumpkin pie.
Ash was trying to help the customer pick a car. Ash sold the car he had.
Addison basically told Tracy to shut up while they were in a fight.
Jordan hit their city on his road trip.
Everyone wanted to ride a new kind of bike but was afraid. Skylar took the test first.
Jesse traced Riley's call back to the source after she finally called and let Jesse knows she was fine.
Casey went to eat with Cameron's father to get to know him better.
Robin was disappointed when her friend refused so show up thus she used Austin as a substitute.
Kendall made an offer which was grossly unfair considering the value.
Jan considered the negotiation in the terms the contract had stated.
Alex looked over Carson's policy on getting work done on time.
Sasha wanted to get a puppy, but her mother was allergic to dogs.
Quinn has been practicing her singing for weeks for an audition to a highly selective musical academy.
Tracy thought they might want it so she shared it with the others at the party.
Fred noticed a stain on Remy's clothes, and Remy also noticed the stain.
Sydney ate lunch with Ash and then they were going to go to the gym.
Austin popped aubrey in the head for no reason because they were a mean person.
Aubrey was so upset because her dog was old and she had to send their dog to die.
Peyton was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha  told Quinn to meet each other later to break up with him.
Skylar tilted Kendall's head back against the chair so that Skylar could thread Kendalls eyebrows.
Jan wanted to celebrate Aubrey's birthday and brought a cake with lit candles out.
Quinn was able to gain new clients easily because of his genuine personality.
Wanting to get her mind off a recent breakup, Sasha took her to Vegas.
Lee gave a pop quiz in class and was glad to see everyone passed.
Quinn asked Remy where his favorite shirt is. Quinn demanded an answer from Remy.
Quinn gave Jan some money for safekeeping. Jan put Quinn's money in the safe.
Lee decided to see Alex the next day and ask him to tudor him.
Robin was very rich, and very generous, so they gave them money.
Remy called the police on their cell phone because someone was trying to break in their house.
Robin had been very busy lately and not had to take her children to the barber shop, but she had some free time on the weekend, so Robin got Aubrey´s hair cut at the barber.
Lee was visiting their best friend, Jan's house. Jan needed to take a shower before they started studying. Lee got hungry and decided to check Jan's pantry for food.
Riley gave Austin a ruby bracelet with a gold chain. Austin gave Riley a gift card.
casey needed to build a shed and a bard so he bought tools in the store.
Lee was looking around Ash's yard, fearful of any dangerous animals.
Ash was always all over the place. Ash was tired of it so he organized their very busy life.
Bailey pushed Tracy's cat away from the door when she heard the dog coming up the stairs.
Sasha tangled Jordan's fingers in a caressing embrace.
Kendall was too quick for Sydney and prevented their attempt at scoring a goal.
bailey was a spoiled brat so she typically wasted food.
Jesse thanked Bailey's boss for Bailey's support when they had a big project to work on.
Sydney spent time together with me while I was recuperating from an illness.
Austin upset the cashier and did not apologize or make amends.
Carson shuffled the new deck of cards before dealing the hand of poker.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in science and he went on to get a degree in the field.
Taylor was whining about everything and that drove Tracy nuts.
Addison supplied the store with water after becoming the sole supplier in town.
Skylar took the offensive stance after being threatened with certain death.
Addison got Riley's stuff from the car and threw it on the street, once they learned of the betrayal.
Quinn was watching the big football game today and rooting for their team.
Bailey got the cat out of the tree because the old woman was helpless.
Jan and Quinn were very happy and spent the rest of their lives together.
Carson was learning to play the guitar, so Sydney taught Carson the basics.
Robin and Kendall were graduate students at Harvard University in Cambridge, studying biology.
Kendall is shopping for a used car and is evaluating a potential choice.
Casey wanted to try something new with her dad so they went horseback riding.
Quinn took the toys away from Jesse and returned them to the cupboard from which they originated.
Jess and his family all loved to go sailing. When they would get on their yacht Jesse tied the ropes together so the boat couldn't move.
Lee met their new neighbors and welcomed them to the neighborhood.
Tracy's drawing was the best of the bunch and she heard she was going to win a big prize for it.
Riley found the truth soon because they diligently searched it out for many days.
Carson wanted to go to the party and they dressed up for it.
Remy changed their fortunes for the better by starting the business with her family.
Remy grew flowers and vegetables in her garden and made extra money selling them.
Jesse comforted Lee because they say how shaken and upset they were.
Tracy often made pancakes for the family but made waffles today.
Carson was feeling hungry so he made himself some chicken.
Aubrey asked their kids if they wanted to go out to dinner.
Their was a fantastic promotion at the grocery store and the ketchup Bailey loved was heavily discounted, so Bailey bought five at the price.
Carson depended upon the presence of his friend when he told his girlfriend.
Joe lost a bag with lots of money in it. Aubrey found his bag under the tree but instead of telling him, they kept it.
Remy went to the bank and took out some of her money.
Casey met their sibling at a bar that night for dinner and drinks.
Jan treated her differently after that day at the beach.
Remy ate Carson's food because the hunger was just too much to bare.
Tracy gave their mom a card for her birthday when she was feeling very lonely.
Remy went to the back to see if there was any ice cream for the guest.
Skylar got distracted in class when her friend sent a reply to her text message.
Aubrey attended their friends wedding that day and enjoyed the wedding.
Jan struck every not and was happy to be offered a position in the band.
Lee was an excellent baker who had just made a large batch of oatmeal cookies for Alex and friends.
Kai told their kids about the big accident that happened in the park.
Sasha layered their hands on each other to feel warm because it was cold outside.
Tracey spend time study try to get good grades.
Casey held Robin's face as Robin tried to bite them in the nose.
Cameron took Addison's word for it and they both went to see the blockbuster that day.
Casey drove recklessly and eventually Casey got a ticket.
Sasha resigned from here position when in Casey's office.
Jesse was playing basketball with their friends who kept getting annoyed that Jesse never passed the ball and kept dunking.
Skylar had a lot to say about everything. skylar said their opinion to anybody that would listen.
Austin did not want to leave the party without their partner, who they knew was drunk.
Sydney lost the ball during the game and made Skylar in possession.
Riley had many people asking them to do things the coming weekend, buy only Skylar was interested in the same activities, so Riley made plans with Skylar.
Jesse did community service to help out everyone in town with the cleanup.
Remy didn't want anyone to access their gun so they kept it locked inside.
Lee beat Ash to death after finding out they cheated.
Quinn told Remy that he was going to meet her at the mall fountain.
Austin was great to Jan, but even more impressively, he treated Jan's parents well.
Jesse was in good shape after studying for the entrance exam for weeks.
Remy had a good meal and posted it to her status on Social media.
Addison had just captured a wild dinosaur.
Quinn told Robin mean jokes about Robin's new wife who had gained weight.
Robin and Quinn were about to step inside the school for the first time. Robin took Quinn's hand and they did it together.
Cameron climbed the fence to get a ball he accidentally threw over.
Alex asked Ash to help them when they were studying for their test.
Ash used Aubrey's car to get to the market to buy groceries for the party that weekend.
Robin called the pizza company so they could deliver to her.
Jesse went and talked to the DJ and played a song for their love.
Sasha played their cards right and was able to bid on a nice house for a good price.
Kendall dug from the ground to make a spot to plant a tree.
Ash impressed their wife by cooking a fancy dinner for her.
Kai broke one dish after perfectly cleaning all of the dishes quickly.
Addison took part in the struggle for equal rights for all as Addision felt that everyone should be treated equally.
Robin was getting a new kitchen fitted so after measuring feet by feet the walls and floors, Robin gave the measurements to the joiner.
Cameron gave the new kitten a toy in order to play with it.
After several years of dating, Sydney finally met their boyfriend's parents at their home.
Kendall took the kids to the museum. They liked seeing the dinosaurs.
Addison ate their cookies and drank their milk before paying their tab and going back to work.
Riley met a girl from the store and they played some basketball.
Kendall covered a shift for a friend at the bar. After the long shift, Kendall had only made ten dollars in tips.
Jordan put the hot dogs on the grill and began to cook them.
Taylor taught every class that day and had to go home to get some sleep.
Riley was very good in the wilderness so he taught the class how to fish.
Robin saved Skylar's husband's ring from falling into the sink drain.
Casey took a off road journey in their new sand buggy and had a great time.
bailey was a motivational speaker so she used her charisma to control others.
Casey got everything they wanted when he went to the store and spent all his money.
Lee scared Quinn to death but recovered quickly from the terrible scare.
Aubrey heard both sides of the argument and then took the fact into consideration.
Ash was able to see Alex more often during previous years before they got busy.
Jordan felt hungry. He cooked spaghetti for lunch and then ate it.
Addison wanted to make sure that their wedding this weekend would be perfect.
Taylor pushed the man back after they approached Taylor.
Jesse was going to lose their job as they were turning up late.  To stop this Sydney and spoke with Jesse, offering support, advice and brought Jesse into line.
Even though Robin spend the day goofing around, Robin seemed to work hard.
Cameron wants to ask Remy a question.  Therefore, Cameron told Remy to call.
Jordan wasted a day playing video games at home.
Bailey killed the spider that had bit him on the leg with a stone.
Kai stayed home from school to relax and watch movies.
austin needed remy's help so he reconsidered remy's decision to come over.
Taylor was walking to work because his car broke down in Texas.
Bailey did everything in their power to make it work but it was terriblely hard to do.
Bailey decided to put a man in prison after judging a lack of righteousness in them.
Remy had broken his legs in an accident, and Lee helped him everyday.
Tracy wanted to surprise Alex so she snuck up behind him and then jumped to his feet.
Tracy went their ways together as she needed to bring the parrot to the zoo.
Bailey called their dog back home when it tried to run across the street.
Remy warmly kissed Kai's neck and gave them a soft grin.
Jan needed her other shoe to wear on her date that night. Jan tore the room apart to find it.
Jesse lost every game because everyone else was much better even though Jesse constantly practices.
Kendall had been practicing chess for months and wanted just finally beat her Grandpa.
Remy saw Bailey's grandma and said hi to them.
Robin was in the shower but was expecting an important call, and the phone rang while they were showering, so Aubrey reached for Robin´s phone to take the call.
Robin started school early to get a head start on her assignment.
After being name class president, Addison wanted to revise the lunch rules and get a longer recess.
Sydney developed a landscaping plan but decided to amend it further.
Jesse was playing a game with a friend and lost every game.
Bailey put away the groceries as soon as she got home.
Kai gave their friends hope that the pizza would get their soon.
Lee kept the dog under control in the park even though no one was around.
Alex never looked at her paper after she wrote it and it got a really bad grade.
Jesse never bought books and listened to the audio versions instead since he had bad vision.
Aubrey took Cameron's home and bulldozed it after winning the eminent domain case.
Jesse straddled Riley's hips.
Jan was driving and had pushed the pedal down far so they could speed up.
Taylor appointed another member to play in the game after he got injured during practice.
Jan pushed the limit too far after she pulled the prank on all of her friends.
Kendall told Aubrey tales. Aubrey liked to listen to them.
Lee turned Skylar's affections away because there was a new girl in school that Skylar was eyeballing.
Ash raised the most money in donations and achieved the organization's praise.
Remy was nervous about her new relationship so REmy asked Tracy what she thought.
Austin's friends introduced Austin to a new group that was quite popular, but Austin had never heard it before.
Skylar was on the verge of a major deal at the company and just had to get approval from Lee. Lee turned Skylar's deal away.
tracy was a smart person so she made sure to keep jesse's counsel.
Ash did what he was asked quickly so everyone was happy.
After trying a new conditioner, Carson ran Lee's hand through his hair once it dried.
Cameron told his girlfriend a story about how he caught his ex cheating in their bed.
Jan cooks dinner for their family every evening after coming home from work.
Sydney liked Casey but was too shy to ask for their number. Sydney asked a neighbor for Casey's number.
Sydney changed Remy's policy about how to handle the money in the company.
Lee brought home the bacon so that the family could eat it for breakfast.
Taylor told Alex what was going on about the problems with the project and asked Alex for advice about how to solve them.
Kai has been spending a lot of time with his classmate.  Kai grew close to them.
Casey got an invite from Ash but decided to decline the invitation.
Riley told the truth and in the process destroyed men's hopes.
Sydney had a big decision to make and wanted to consider all the options.
Carson saw that Bailey was scared, so Carson took their hand in Bailey's.
Austin called Addison's friend Addison to tell lies about Addison.
Robin bought shoes on sale for a really good price.
Sasha gave their son a talking to after they caught him breaking the rules.
Cameron made a decision to get things done before they went to shcool.
Carson invited Taylor to their house to play video games and drink soda.
Alex was taking a test and Jordan whispered the answer in his ear.
Jordan asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas because his car ran out of gas and he stayed behind.
At the bar, Addison was chatting up Robin, which gave her an uneasy feeling.
Taylor love her English class and she presented yet another poem.
Robin decided that they would go ahead and send the dogs outside.
Jesse put food in her hair while she was eating spaghetti.
Even though Ash felt exhausted, Ash worked very well late into the night.
Taylor made things easier by providing some help to them.
Carson was able to beat their opponent at chess today.
After coming over for a lunch date, Aubrey found dirt in Addison's house.
Kendall and Tracy were visiting a national landmark. Kendall took a picture of Tracy.
A stranger stopped Riley on the street to ask for the time.
Robin went to lunch with a boss and got a promotion from them.
Remy used information to write their paper, but the information was wrong and they failed.
Cameron decided to try to go on the treasure hunt because Cameron thought they might find money.
Quinn helped Addison keep himself together after Addison's mother passed away, but it came at the expense of Quinn's mental well-being.
jan was a evil scientist, so she launched another experiment.
Kendall and Robin were at a dance party. Robin asked Kendall to dance with them. Kendall held Robin close as they danced at the party.
Remy moved to the city after being tired of all the work on the farm.
Jan was recently hired for a professional position and had to go shopping for new dresses to wear to the new job.
Sydney stormed off to her room after she had an argument.
Carson doesn't like Bailey. Carson changed Bailey's name on an important form so they wouldn't get paid on time.
Austin walked home one night to save money on gas and benefit the environment.
Jan found time to exercise every day.
Jordan saw Riley kiss another so, Jordan told Riley's boyfriend.
Jordan was a slow driver, other drivers booed on Jordan often. Jordan lost all the confidence in them. Jordan's grandfather taught how to drive better, Jordan began to drive quicker.
Carson learnt to play guitar in a couple of weeks.
Addison found my way of doing things very confusing at school.
Jordan was uneasy at his dog growling and kept it at a safe distance.
Kai wasted the whole weekend binge watch shows for hours.
Robin injured themselves badly after performing a stunt she saw on TV.
jan was a good chess player so she helped some students improve their chess game.
Skylar had written a letter to Lee as part of a program. Lee wrote back to Skylar later.
Carson fixed the leak in the kitchen at their mom's house.
Sasha was a hoarder but Lee quickly solved Sasha's problem.
Carson noticed a leak in his car tires, so he fixed the leak.
Bailey made Austin's enemy angry after sticking up for Austin during the fight.
Lee is a child whose mother was just arrested for murdering their boyfriend.
Cameron played hockey with some friends and the others asked if they could join.
Austin lost their keys. Austin retraced their steps earlier and found their keys.
Austin did a lot of hard work as he wanted to graduate with his friends.
Skylar heard a knock at the door, but were agoraphobic and hid in their room.
Riley used Remy to write a school paper in Riley's name.
Jesse Deepened Remy's understanding of the book by telling them what they know.
After taking months learning everything there is to know about chess from Kendall, Robin acquired Kendall's knowledge.
Cameron found a way to the store after his car broke down.
Sasha got near Robin so that she could whisper nasty things.
Skylar bought a costume and took it to a party with them as soon as possible.
Addison stopped their car.  They saw a sign to stop.
Addison got some milk for the stray kitten and fed it.
Jesse gave Sasha the chance for redemption in order to prove loyalty and makeforgiveness.
Sydney stayed the course and earned her degree with high marks.
Lee let the dog out because it was nice outside that day.
Kendall is an accomplished dog trainer in the neighborhood.
Kendall was upset and they were hyper so Kendall sent Kai away.
Taylor wasn't as bad at baseball as Addison thought he would be.
On their wedding day, Jordan lovingly kissed Skylar's hands after the ceremony.
Kendall wanted to help Casey get hired for her new job.
Sydney expected a child any moment now, and it happened just as she arrived at the hospital.
Addison got Skylar's money back after Skylar begged Addison for help all day.
Tracy wanted Austin to go with him to the NY State Fair but he first needed permission from Austin's parents.
Casey earned money from her job and brought candy in the store.
Robin broke Quinn's glasses and immediately felt horrible.
Addison raised the flag to see who salutes and who would kneel during the anthem.
Robin taught and preached religion at the cathedral in his town.
After working out and then helping a friend move, Tracy became tired later.
skylar wanted to be annoying so she continued the behavior longer.
Quinn didn't want to open his mouth for the dentist to look inside. Kai opened Quinn's mouth for him instead.
Alex helped a child in distress when she saw him on the street.
Robin detects a strange disease in their patient. Several other doctors missed the diagnosis and even Robin isn't very familiar with the disease.
Sydney aimed his gun when they were competing in the shooting competition.
quinn was bored so she agreed to go with taylor to the mall.
Casey sucked her thumb when she was very nervous at work.
Robin made Jesse apologize to the girl that he had been bullying at school.
Jesse's father gave them a loan to start their own small business.
Alex was still relevant to the industry because he kept on improving the way he worked.
Aubrey recently visited her relatives up in upper Michigan and went swimming in Lake Superior.
Taylor is trying to teach Cameron how to catch a ball.
Jan was in art class for the first time. Jan will oil paint fruits and vases.
Austin took us to the city. It was in Austin. He was a Texan.
jesse was a weird person so he picked up riley's phone.
Jordan brought animals together with their friend for the show.
Robin surprised their mother on Mother's Day by showing up and taking them out for breakfast.
Jordan turned the car into the driveway to park it in it's spot.
Addison worked one day a week, and spent the rest of the time playing games.
Tracy asked Jesse some questions about what they had gotten done on the test.
Quinn gave them a ride home from school because it was a long walk.
Sasha caught the ball back and took it away from the others.
sasha could not keep a secret so she discussed the party in detail.
Sasha came over and gave Aubrey a flirty look in the dance party.
Cameron got up early and decided to help around the house. Cameron went and packed Ash's lunch for the day.
It was Cameron's first day at school and Cameron made a lot of new friends.
Tracy made a grocery list so that they could go shopping one day.
Quinn saw that Lee was about to get hit by a passing car.
Carson was telling Alex how to do a job. Carson said things to Alex.
Carson got their friends together to go bowling. They had fun.
Addison bought a gym membership after trying on her clothes.
Cameron was able to spend time with Alex and kissed her on the lips.
addison was a good referee so he kept within the bounds.
Ash worked very well in order to be accepted into the crowd.
Ash stopped in her tracks after she heard the rustling of footsteps in the woods.
Sasha's home burned down in the wild fire. Kai gave Sasha a place to stay.
Riley and Ash had been dating for 3 months and Riley really liked Ash but Riley found out that Ash had cheated on them.  Riley was hurt and upset but Ash was very apologetic and promised to never do it again.
Carson was taking a bicycle ride at night all by himself.
Skylar is a dentist who is treating Kendall.
Kai taught students in the class the importance of being kind and patient with others.
Aubrey caught the ball as well as they can and was able to get the runner out.
Jesse's roommate spend the weekend having a huge house party. Jesse ignores the noise and people, staying in their room studying.
Tracy was running late, so they looked at Quinn's watch.
Kendall developed and tested a theory, despite years of being mocked by their colleagues.
taylor had a crush on a girl so he confessed his love to her.
Jordan made some cookies and ate them while other people were watching.
Carson wanted to get Quinn's attention quickly. Carson grabbed Quinn's wrist.
After seeing Lee kiss someone else, Jan accused Lee of cheating.
Alex put Tracy to bed and went into the other room.
Austin broke the ice and everyone started talking afterwards.
Taylor shared the same interest in the subject as Remy.
Jesse avoided contact with Addison's neighbors after arguing with them about parking.
Ash developed their skills as a computer programmer so they could get a better job.
Kai spent the day raking leaves for his punishment because he got an f in school.
Since Remy was rarely around to spend time with Addison, Addison did Remy dirty by cheating on him.
Riley divided the day into periods so that she could remember her assignments.
Sydney changed the way Tracy should finish the project after looking it over.
Carson helped Sydney much.
Kendall gave up their life to allah and prayed everyday after school for years.
After the breakup, his friends noticed that Ash spent lots of time at work instead of hanging out with them like usual.
Cameron hit Austin's face with a ball of dough while they were in a cooking class.
Austin asked their girlfriend to go to the movie but their girlfriend said no they had better plans.
Kendall opened the door to Ash and they both had a long dance that night.
Quinn flew out of town to attend their important business meeting.
Sasha knew she said something offensive and offered an apology to her audience.
Alex did the weekly grocery shopping herself to save Skylar the trouble.
Casey pulled the ball to Jesse's feet and had her swing at it.
Cooper was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex was very rich because she was smart and she provided good financial advice to people.
Addison set them up on a date. They were very grateful to her for it.
Remy held up the necklace, rounded their neck and closed the clasp carefully.
austin was a cool guy so he never wore a hat.
Sasha opened Aubrey's mouth and peered inside at Aubrey's teeth.
Jesse faced every challenge with fortitude and optimism.
Carson tripped over their shoelace and had to break their fall.
Remy came up behind Jan and pushed her in the back very hard.
Skylar went back to the store after forgetting to buy the flour.
Quinn turned Alex around to ask some questions about the incoming weather.
Remy asked Kendall to join Aubrey so they can have fun together.
Cameron did their job well when supporting the actors performing on the stage.
Aubrey waited for the ball to drop even though she was very tired.
Cameron was being chased by a dog. Cameron went and climbed the fence quickly.
alex did not have any friends so he went grocery shopping alone.
Tracy payed Sasha for the work they did.
Robin entered Kai's room and began cleaning it so Kai wouldn't have to.
Today was her aunt's birthday so Sydney drove an hour and visited her aunt.
Carson walked to her sisters car and met her at the car since the sister didn't want to wait.
Skylar's sister was due to have an operation and needed a babysitter.
Tracy filed a complaint against her telephone company.
Aubrey was looking over the menu at the restaurant. Aubrey decided to ask the waitress about the specials of the day.
Alex never said anything when he failed his history test at school.
Robin walks in to the surprise party. Everyone jumps out, Robin is surprised but jovial. Robin thanks everyone for coming.
Really didn't see anything out of place after she left her door unlocked last night.
Taylor was a financial advisor and as their sister and partner were trying to decide where to invest their savings, Taylor offered their services.
Tracy took some money from the church when no one was looking.
Jesse let his friends go into the haunted house before them and he trailed behind.
Taylor loved it so much that he went back every day after that.
The group of children were out of control, and the parents were trying to calm them down, so when she got her son away from the situation, Sasha gave their son a talking to.
Remy had always looked forward to turning 18 years old and it had finally happened.
Casey gave Taylor the cold shoulder when she offered her drugs.
skylar's boyfriend was annoying her, so skylar asked quinn to see her boyfriend to the door.
Casey's sister was in town. Casey took her to the zoo. She didn't enjoy the visit.
Lee gave Remy a challenging assignment for the next work.
Remy called Tracy mean names because Tracy did not share her candy.
Quinn protected their children from the terrible storm that night with blankets.
Jordan heard about the woman with small children who just lost her home so Jordan gave toys to a baby girl.
Kai said Kendall was sorry for his behavior and that he would be in to fix things later that day.
Alex bought Carson's used Android phone at consignment store with the cash she had earned babysitting her brother over the summer while her mom worked.
After getting a large bonus at work, Casey used the money to get tickets.
Casey adopted an abandoned kitten at the local animal hospital.
Robin worked either shift that they could get because they had a lot of debt to pay off.
Skylar needed money badly and started applying for jobs that day.
Remy went into his friend's room and found some poker cards laying on the ground.
Kendall whispered Casey's name during the math class that day.
Kai laid down the law and told Casey they need to help with dinner.
Sydney found Jesse a way to the store, but Jesse got lost on their way back.
Over the summer, Jordan watered the plants everyday without fail and watched them grow.
Casey gave Alex sleep aids. They had trouble sleeping.
Alex tried to win the race but all he caught was dust from the racers in front of him.
addison told me quinn was sick and couldn't go to the party because of it.
addison read the news paper out loud to the kids who didn't know how to read.
Riley pulled the hat over Sasha's head to mess with her for fun.
cameron was punishing ash so he took away her money.
Quinn wrote a book about the zoo visit for Carson.
The dog made a mess so Robin sent the dog outside.
Aubrey was really trying to stick to her New Years resolution.
Riley felt she got an answer on her test correct, but it was marked wrong, so she petitioned the professor for a redress.
Austin waited upon Sasha, who was always late to everything, no matter the situation.
Skylar dismissed Kai's negative response to her romantic advances as a joke.
Jordan saw Bailey at times when Bailey was not aware of Jordan's presence.
Amid the turmoil that was swirling around her, Aubrey depended upon circumstances out of her control.
It was a grade A nursery school that had been thoroughly researched, so Remy left the kid in their hands.
Robin worked hard for months to get the house remodeled before the baby was born.
Robin did a great sermon and called the crowd to repentance.
Skylar gave their son a video game so they could win the parent of the year award.
Jordan whipped Tracy's head around and tipped his chin up. He began doing chest compressions and mouth to mouth.
Casey set up a private show for her friends who wanted to see the band. The invitation said doors close at 7pm.
After working hard for weeks, Ash and their friends saw a concert.
Carson decided to try online dating after they had been single for three years.
Carson issued Kendall's edict when she was unable to and promised to watch over things.
Kai let Carson alone so he could finish his book.
Addison called their parents into Skylar's office. They had to tell them about losing the scholarship due to getting poor grades.
Kendall lived on the streets with their dogs, someone gave Kai a fries to eat, Kendall ate some but knew his dogs were starving so Kendall threw them to the dogs.
Sasha spent time with their kids and they played video games all day long.
Remy arrived in class five minutes early just like she always does.
Cameron became Riley's architect and designed a building for them.
Addison looked for her phone.
Jesse lost every penny to pay for her friends' bail out of prison.
Lee dressed up for Halloween as a scary character from a Horror film.
Jordan really wanted a laptop for their birthday, so Ash got Jordan a laptop.
Sydney left the bathroom at the party before even using it because it was so filthy.
Ash didn't know how to use the gun, but Kai knew how to use it.
Skylar was trying to hide from Quinn but she caught Quinn peeking.
Bailey loved their parents dearly and wanted to take them on vacation to the Caribbean.
Carson took their shoes off before entering their friend's home after school that day.
Casey suits Jan's tastes as Jan discovers when they start talking.
Aubrey brought a dish to share with everyone.
Aubrey was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Bailey decided to take Kendall's girlfriend over to see Kendall, since Kendall was not feeling well.
Lee played the slots at the casino while he was on his vacation.
Addison decided to play video games instead of studying for the exam tommorow.
Austin rode Jordan's bike home because Jordan let them and so they didn't have to walk.
Riley had a new boyfriend after getting out of a bad relationship of 5 years.
Bailey was trying to stick to their budget. Bailey went over by two hundred dollars.
Carson examined Skylar's work carefully and gave them an A.
Jordan got tracys attention by making a lot of noise.
Aubrey decided to ask asked his girl for some money with an attached promise.
Sasha touched the precious and fragile vase even after being told not to.
Lee took Jesse's kite from Jesse and would not let them play with it.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants off to help her after she saw a bug.
Carson derived their powers from the consent of the larger group who trusted Carson.
Alex made some good dinner and decided to share it with their friends.
Riley turned on their heel and walked straight out of the building.
Casey was applying for a job and Kendall had Casey turn in an application.
Austin showed Bailey a lot of care and concern after the accident.
Robin introduced them to the class and they were all very polite to each other.
Jan heard back from Carson about the trip they were planning.
Carson sent Tracy's academic books to college because Tracy's forgot them after Christmas Break.
Riley made fun of Sydney for tripping into the creek.
Sydney marked Cameron's name with an asterisk and continued to worked through the list to see who had failed the test.
Bailey got Tracy's father to formally adopt them.
Lee divided all of the jelly beans among them and Alex.
Aubrey wanted some chocolate for her party but couldn't get it near her. Aubrey made a special trip to pick some up.
Riley raced their friend and gave it everything she had to win.
Skylar put themselves to bed by reading a fun and nice story about some cats.
Robin rushed to the emergency room after getting the call that her father had a heart attack.
Cameron thanked the people for supporting him and winning the election.
Jordan awaited Lee's opportunity and saw that Lee performed the task very well.
Jan would play with all of the other kids that were in the area.
Quinn went south on the interstate towards the local beach.
Remy was out at a concert with their partner and were having a great time.  Remy put his arm around their neck.
Casey made headway and got a leg up on their competition for a while until they eventually lost the tournament.
Skylar was tired of having the same hair color so she dyed her hair.
Lee solved the equation Taylor gave them when they were teaching them about math.
Quinn made in Robin life form because Quinn loved to make real life-looking birds.
Casey was sick from eating too much junk food, so Kendall changed Casey's diet to be healthier.
Addison made Austin act silly when she tickled his tummy.
Austin saw a painting he liked and Quinn asked Austin to describe the painting.
Casey brought out his motorbike and impressed Remy's new girlfriend.
Casey took these factors into account when making deliberations on what to do next.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers away as Casey tried to hold their hand.
Kai needed some help around the house and hired someone.
After giving an impressive speech, Riley got a lot of compliments about how well he spoke.
Austin decided to get a haircut to look good at the prom that night.
jordan was annoying so he made casey sleepy and tired.
Remy sat quietly in a coffee shop waiting for his coffee to be done.
Jan went on a three week business trip to China for her university.
Riley gave everybody the access code to the building so they could come up for the party.
Carson persuaded their friend to accept. They knew it was a wise idea.
Riley couldn't make enough money to take care of her and put the baby up for adoption.
Since they wanted to learn the intricate new dance, Carson watched Remy's movements.
Cameron and Austin became actors when they saw how much fun their friends seemed to have.
Bailey watched Remy's dog, eyeing it suspiciously as it attempted nip at Bailey's sandwich without them noticing. Bailey was not in a generous mood.
Aubrey was talking about their youth and the fact that they dated then before they met their now husband and got married and settled down.
Aubrey was struggling in school and came to Tracy for knowledge and help.
Jan softened the ground with a shovel, then dug up enough dirt to bury the body.
Ash saw Cameron's husband at the store and invited them to dinner.
Sasha threatened every record after mixing up the files in the office.
Riley stared into Taylor's eyes and the moment was quite a romantic one.
Jordan is Cameron's financial adviser and is doing a really good job on his stocks.
Kendall thanked Lee for his help and promised to give Lee the proper credit when the project is finished.
Robin kept their kids together. She just got out of a divorce.
Addison ate a few tacos and felt that they were really good for the price.
Skylar was Addison's teacher and was changing seats. Skylar changed Addison's place.
Remy put his arm around their neck, even though they were showing clear signs of discomfort.
Riley was confused about the information presented by was happy to learn something new.
Carson told their brother about the movie and it was very entertaining movie to go see.
Lee was hiding on Quinn as Quinn was coming up the dark stairs then just as they turned the corner Lee jumped out and scared Quinn.
Carson threw the football and wound up winning the game one day.
I felt very sick.  Quinn brought me to the hospital.
Carson got all the ingredients together for the chili cookoff.
Since Ash didn't know how to swim yet and summer was coming up, Addison signed Ash up for lessons.
Cameron had worked hard to achieve a lifelong goal of starting a business.
Sasha went to the library and looked for a book. She wanted to learn to make Chinese food.
Riley couldn't think of what to do for her project, but Carson gave her an idea.
Ash bought lunch at a price that was cheaper than usual.
Jordan is a vegan. At the barbeque party, Jordan ate vegetables instead.
lee was being rude and did not know, so skylar thought she could tell lee that lee is being solipsist and insolent.
Ash got a bad sun burn while he was outside. Ash put aloe vera on his arm to calm it.
Ash painted Jordan a picture when she was asked how she felt.
Jordan is a member of the marines and was on tour, but has returned back home.
Tracy agreed to meet Skylar at the train station the other day because they were going to a concert together.
Kai blew her candles out and everyone clapped for her.
Cameron gave their students in class extra time to finish the test.
Jan went to the store and bought Bailey a thank you card.
cameron was feeling generous so he gave quinn a couple dollars.
Tracy loved fishing, but stopped after hearing about the impacts on the environment.
Carson couldn't get out of bed to make anything to eat. Riley brought Carson food when he was sick.
He felt like he should stand his ground, but eventually Ash complied with Jesse's request.
Remy ate at the buffet and felt he ate way too much.
Kendall was new at school and was trying to find her way around. The bell rang and she walked into class, but was in the wrong class.
Addison improved Carson's conditions after she perform surgery on his heartE.
Ash got Jordan one for Christmas.
Ash tickled Kendall's fancy dog's stomach and gave her a huge treat.
Cameron had a meeting with his group for a project.
Bailey put an ad in the pet section of the newspaper.
Cameron looked into Alex's eyes then leant forward and kissed Alex on the lips.
Austin could not think of an innovative way to accomplish his goal, so Austin reinvented the wheel.
Quinn was at the store paying for some groceries. Jan put Quinn's money in the register.
After the wild office party at the local bar and grill, Riley returned to work.
Aubrey played a role in helping the kids with their school play.
Addison found Casey's belongings scattered all around their room on the floor waiting to be stepped on.
Ash was happy to see his friend, and welcomed Cameron back from vacation with open arms.
Sydney wanted to talk to Riley so that she could break up with him.
Casey performed their song effectively when they were having a recital at school.
Sydney found the keys under her friend's catch after hours of searching.
Skylar took Taylor's dog without asking for permission to do so.
Bailey had had enough of Tracy's constant pranks and was ready for some revenge. In front of the whole class, Bailey pulled Tracy's pants down.
Jesse tied the yarn together after he finished the blanket. Jesse put the blanket on their couch to use while watching TV.
Jordan worked really hard and was able to take Austin's role in the play.
Jesse took Robin's girlfriend to the nice park that day.
Ash was suffering from the flu and had developed a high fever.
Lee quickly began to cook and made a nice dessert for the whole family.
Carson offered the resident a job since he just moved into town.
Quinn played sports with Cameron's friends at the park after school.
kai had to go to military boot camp so he left his mom on the harbor.
Austin opened Tracy's locker wide when she wasn't around to look at her stuff.
Cameron put Robin's hand away after she had raised it in the middle of class.
Cameron had an important job interview, and made sure to get a good night's rest the night before.
There was a big storm outside.  Kendall held Robin close that night.
Jordan took medicine and started to feel better.
Aubry pushed back the cart after a careless person ran into the back of her foot.
Riley was running late for work. She called her boss to let him know.
Riley heard Jesse laugh real loud at lunch. Riley looked in Jesse's direction.
Cameron lived in the country where there were some trails. They wanted a bike for Christmas.
Jordan, who eats clean, lives like a minimalist and conserves paper to save the world is also a political activist.
Quinn needed milk from the store but didn't have the car. Quinn walked to the grocery store instead.
Jan had her enemies put to the sword to show everyone what happened when they were challenged.
Addison finally took notice of the new student and they made fast friends.
Robin's father was overcharged for the wedding by tens of thousands of dollars. Robin purchased land next to the wedding venue and built a neon green ramshackle barn.
Taylor had a hard time carrying all of the bags, so she asked Remy for help.
Robin started school this year an dbought all new supplies.
Robin heard strange crashing noises in the woods and Robin risked her safety to protect Jan's property.
Lee was badly injured in the fire after he volunteered to put it out.
Kendall told Sydney's mom about it when she was rear ended in her car.
Robin knew that Kai really wanted her to the like her outfit so when Kai asked her opinion, Robin said she loved it.
Wanting to keep her safe from danger, Aubrey turned Sydney back around.
Alex lived in Cameron's house for free, but never cleaned up after themselves.
Cameron was accused of sexual harassment after several students spoke out.
austin was tired of sydney's friend so he asked sydney to choose between him or the other guy.
Sasha expected company, but did not expect her friends to bring so many people.
Taylor went to a museum.  Taylor learned about history of World War II.
Robin started college this year and is studying pre-medd.
Sasha asked Ash to come home because she missed him a lot.
Cameron took sides in the heated argument between his friends.
Taylor said she could get paid. She would just need to get the payroll ready first.
Ash appeared out of nowhere and saw her boyfriend cheating.
Bailey pushed the boat out from the spot on the dock.
Aubrey gained Robin's independence after teaching her how to walk for months.
Austin placed the glass piece back and it became whole and pretty again.
Quinn needed quick cash and thus, had to go get a loan.
Carson provided counseling for patients and came upon a patient that was abusing their child.
Kai threw their children into the water to make sure they knew how to swim.
Tracy led the dogs away. Tracy was a pro dog walker.
Skylar had a secret and tilted Kendall's head back so they could whisper it to them and not be heard.
Skylar afforded Tracy an opportunity to raise her grades if she would go out with him.
Quinn was watching television and saw an infomercial for reusable paper towels. They immediately called the number and ordered a case of the towels.
Kai caught Remy in the act of stealing money from the school account.
Robin decided to enter into Taylor's agreement because she wanted to make Taylor happy.
Casey carried the bucket of sewage out far and found a suitable dumping location.
Addison was taking a nap in class and felt a tap on their shoulder.
Austin sent the girl to school when she was at home.
Cameron earned a big bonus that year since Cameron did the job so well.
Addison put Kendall's ideas on how to build a statue into action. They wanted to make it perfect.
Skylar learned how to fly and went up to the clouds in her mind.
Kai joined Bailey for dinner and they enjoyed the evening before making plans to do it again.
Sasha used clips and a rubber band to put their hair in a bun.
Bailey drank too much beer, got drunk and made a spectacle of themself.
Jan needed a science fair project.
Carson told Cameron's sister about the meeting this coming Saturday at the big park.
Jan drove back home from school after she realized she'd forgotten her term paper at home.
cameron loved animals but he knew they had a mind of their own.
Kendall quickly ran to the exit after school was over.
Jan shook a leg and then continued dancing with everyone at the party.
Bailey reached Skylar's highest score in the century and got a higher score.
Before they parted ways, Jordan told Riley he hoped for the best for her.
There was a circus that came to town that Lee and Riley worked at for the day. Lee surprised Riley with a job as an elephant rider because he created Riley's atmosphere to be fun.
Bailey saw sirens in her rear view mirror. She had just robbed a bank. Bailey hit the gas pedal in an effort to get away.
Austin got the money to buy a new house from the bank.
Casey hired Aubrey, an attorney because she was in trouble.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to dinner and she liked him more than Kendall.
Aubrey needed cash so she got Cameron's wallet.
Alex gave Jordan a funny look when Jordan said something silly.
Addison gave the money back to the cashier because Addison got too much.
Addison caught a fish yesterday while at the lake with her friends.
Carson sung Remy's favorite songs that she had practiced for quire auditions knowing she was practicing them.
Jordan found a person to help with the water leak in his house.
Jesse saw a coat at the mall and Jesse really wanted it.
Aubrey leant towards Lee so that they could give them a kiss.
according to the article Austin reads a loud the rules.
Cameron died peacefully in their sleep at 90 years old.  Sasha went to the funeral and paid respects to Cameron.
Whenever they came over, Robin always let Bailey's friends eat all of her food and never asked for anything in return.
Sasha applied for a supervisor role at work.  Addision as they manager gave their support for Sasha's position.
Jordan always watches movies all weekend. He decided to watch his favorite movie again.
Kai was teaching their sibling to read. Kai helped them with dyslexia.
Austin sold their shoes in the market because they wanted to make extra money to buy a computer.
Sasha declared war because she disagreed with the others opinion.
casey went to the store with cameron's father to help them pick out a gift for the party.
Lee will come over and visit later today.
Robin was asked to do some chores around the house. Robin performed their duties without complaint.
Robin killed their mother after suffering abuse for the most of their life.
Kendall turned the knob to help get the television started.
Alex became infected when he went to the hospital to help.
Sasha and her three brothers were playing outside in the garden.
Remy used the new specialty shampoo from the salon to make their hair softer.
Casey set Remy's dishes in order so that the house looks clean.
Sasha and Robin were dating.  They were at a club together but it was so busy they could not get near each other for ages then finally Sasha got near Robin.
Jan performed the programming task well because it was similar to others that she had done in her years of work.
remy heard terrible news and needed to tell austin.
Riley had dirty dishes after dinner with their family. Riley washed their dishes.
Austin gather Jordan's friends together because he had none of his own.
Lee was very confused about the math homework assigned to them.
Aubrey played some video games for 12 hours straight, until they saw the game when they closed their eyes.
Remy sat quietly in a coffee shop waiting for their mother to get there.
Skylar knew how to agitate people and raised Jan's hackles without trying.
Skylar played ball instead of studying and failed the test.
Skylar took the groceries out of the car when her mom got home.
Sydney brought dirty laundry back home because her washer suddenly broke.
Alex put the two lego's together and then put more together with her brohter.
Austin bought a car the next day after his car broke down.
Bailey enjoys seeing his dog having a good time with other dogs.
Kai was the manager at work and gave people the money they earned.
Taylor watched basketball after placing several very large bets on the game.
Lee and Austin left the house to go to a birthday party.
Bailey put an add in the paper about her new shop.
After being married for a couple years, Riley became a father.
Remy wasn't quite done with the remodel, but Remy was getting close.
Sasha supplied every item they needed, but forgot matches or a lighter to start the campfire.
Quinn completed Jan's work and got paid a hefty sum for his services.
Casey tried to blame their friend for the crime but it backfired on them.
Carson dug his nails into Jesse's chest when Jesse started swinging at him.
Sasha sent the information to Jesse after receiving it from their boss.
Kendall had important news and wanted Jan to answer immediately.
Sydney shooed the fly away swiftly because it was annoying.
Tracy began to smoke cigarettes when they were in high school.
kendall was a normal person so she made sure to use social media.
Kendall threw the frisbee to the dogs on the beach until lunch time.
Jan approached a four way stop and was the first one that came to a complete stop.
Austin dotted the is and cross the ts as was their habit and custom.
When Jesse agreed to intern Sasha for the summer, Jesse gave Sasha the chance of a lifetime.
Quinn began to feel ill because they stayed up all night drinking alcohol.
Cameron walked to the bus stop after getting ready for school for an hour.
Quinn wanted to say something. They weren't sure when to say it.
Jan's niece loved when Jan babysat because Jan played games and cooked whatever they wanted for dinner.
Kendall prevented an accident from happening. They stopped the car just in time.
Aubrey shared her beliefs when her friend told them they kind of movies they like.
Kendall wanted to know what the commotion was about, so Skylar tilted her head back to tell her quietly.
Grace was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sydney bought a new pair of shoes for her daughter to wear to prom.
Aubrey carefully folded Skylar's hands over her chest and demanded the explanation about the burning car.
Tracy quenched their thirst with the gatorade today.
Robin had to leave the building early so Casey finished Robin's work.
Sasha was in the mood for a treat, so Sasha took the ice cream out of the freezer.
casey wanted to get a item so she followed the stranger far.
Riley cost Kendall a lot of money. Kendall knew he was right and began to look down.
Sasha ordered some pizza after she got drunk at the party last night.
Jesse needed to get clean so he was taking a bath right after getting home.
taylor wanted to kidnap riley so he led her far.
Addison bared her teeth so she could smile more often.
After going abroad to school, Tracy went home for the holidays.
Skylar bought apples at the farmers market by her house.
Jan wanted to pass the test that she would be taking the next week.
Austin appeared to be unable to move so Addison made Austin act.
The team needed to go on an under water deep sea diving expedition, and needed equipment. Taylor said she could get it.
Jan has been having trouble asking who his father was, when he finally got the chance he asked the question.
Sasha asserted her own choices despite being pressured by her peers to commit a felony.
Addison is nauseous and has a hard time getting out of bed.
Cameron bought Skylar a new watch and told them they loved them a lot.
Ash read Jesse's letter requesting that Ash call about an urgent matter.
Riley and Sydney went for a hike. Sydney tripped and Riley made fun of Sydney for tripping.
Robin kept their family together on the trip to Disney World last summer.
Lee worked in quality control at a factory, he took more defective product off the line than his coworkers today.
The sun was bright so Sydney decided to shield their kids from the sun.
Sasha learned their lesson and never wanted to see her friend again.
Sasha discussed the book in great detail because they wanted everybody to buy a copy.
Jan bought some tickets for a friend that she went to work with.
Ash loved Tracy's work in sincerity and wrote a letter of appreciation to Tracy.
Lee sent their kids away to boarding school and then to summer camp at holidays so Lee had plenty of time for their own life.
Addison laid behind Casey when they watched the scary movie.
Jan gave Bailey another shot for good luck before they parted ways.
Sydney sat right next to Jordan but Jordan ignored her the entire time.
Remy filled their glass with water before they sat down at the table.
alex was playing around with the dead animal and got infected.
Remy paid me back by putting change in my wallet.  Not ideal, but at least I got the money back this time.
Quinn packed everything up and then realized they forgot to put something in there.
Carson learned how to read so they would be able to attend a good school.
Lee played tag with the kids next door and made friends with them.
Zoey was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy asked what Tracy's thoughts were about the proposal they were considering.
Sasha sent a package to Jesse because it was his birthday and she wanted to make him happy.
Ash paid all of Remy's bills when Remy was in the hospital.
Allison was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Austin understood thoroughly the implications of the situation and kept on going.
What Jordan replied made Cameron curious and narrowed his eyes.
While defending herself in front of the officer, Sydney struck a violent Skylar with a fierce blow.
Aubrey finds a wallet with several hundred dollars in the school parking lot. Aubrey is a very honest person.
Ash loved Tracy's depth in sincerity, and didn't everything they could to keep Tracy close.
Kai was making cupcakes for the bake sale tomorrow. His son came in asking for one and Kai said they were not ready yet.
Kai spilt Jan's drink bill after they left the bar.
Kai was a trained paramedic, so when he was swimming at Quinn´s house and saw his grandmother almost drown in the deep end of the pool, Kai gave aid to Quinn´s grandmother.
Ash received a job offer from another company that paid more money.
Bailey is a muscular prison guard in a jail.
Taylor had been working on the classic car he inherited from his father for close to a year.
Austin kept Ash at home because she had only two months left to live.
Riley defied every rule after the master carefully warned them on things not to do.
After many initial investigations and questions, Robin brought the case to trial.
Everyone knew Addison gave as good as Addison got, so they eagerly waited to see how Addison would respond.
Sydney went to the ice skating rink and saw other people they knew.
Carson shared their ideas with others in the group that Carson applied to be a part of.
Carson has been working and arrives late to meet their husband.
Ash decided he needed to get away. So Ash ran as fast as possible.
Ash saw a good concert and the band playing was one of his favorites.
After Ash tried to beat Alex at the competition Alex tore ash to pieces.
Jesse gave some tea to her friend and shared with her.
Austin and Remy worked together but Remy decided to quit.
Jesse went to lean back in the chair at the table and broke the back of the chair.
Riley tasted the bad food at the Indian cuisine restaurant.
Remy posted Flyers all over for his garage sale this weekend.
Skylar accidentally got the wrong food order and had to go back and order again.
Shasha knew based her experiences that she would have to protect everyone from here on out.
Ash's computer was being slow, so Ash ran another software update.
Robin brought the play to life with the scripts and the backgrounds.
Jan struck everyone as friendly and they all liked her very much.
Riley was washing the car and accidentally soaked everything around Taylor.
Taylor finally revealed their long-held secret, but Jan told Taylor they knew.
Kai was unsure what the right course of action was. They used their best judgment.
Tracy tried to fix Bailey's hair again, and he pushed her hand away.
Bailey shot and murdered and intruder after he was trying to steal her gold.
Aubrey moved into a new house, and at night she would hear screeching from the basement.
Riley is a very social person. Riley moves to a new area. They don't know anyone. Riley begins to establish close ties in the area.
Bailey ate healthy food such as salads and vegetables.
Skylar taught their son basketball at the court in the park.
Carson brought his friends together because his dad needed help completing his bucket list.
Kendall rides their bicycle everyday for work. Kendall picks up packages and takes them to another location.
Ash convinced Taylor he would be alright because Ash needed Taylor to play in the big game after making a large bet.
Aubrey needed more time to finish so she bought time in the company.
Carson lived a mile away and was anxious for the others to arrive so they could go swimming together.
Robin made Camerons ass red after she snuck out of the house.
Because he found it funny, Kai started to fart and changed topics to pooping.
Kai developed Skylar's approach so Skylar could win the competition.
Tracy urge Robin to join the club and go out with all the boys in it.
Jordan kept Sydney's head from getting hurt and they drove home to watch a fun show.
Addison fed the kitten food when it was hungry.
After Taylor made Kai attack their brother, they had a panic attack and had to take them to the hospital.
Sydney put her hands together to collect the water so that it concentrated there.
Carson was getting very frustrated, so Taylor went ahead and took his turn.
Taylor saved the patient's tooth and asked if he would like to take it home.
Robin acquired Kendall's knowledge in time to ace her important calculus test.
Austin hit the neck of the bottle with the ring at the fair.
Jordan narrowed his eyes. Carson knew that he was up to something.
Sasha talked to Skylar after school about the the big test they had to take in math class.
Cameron returned the shoes to the store when they didn't fit.
Austin went to the first baseball game of the season. Austin enjoyed the game.
riley was trying to help taylor so he soaked everything dry around him.
Casey's dog had to go to the bathroom. Casey took their dog out so he could go.
Skylar used prudence as the foundation of Bailey's business model so that the customers would keep coming back.
Jordan just bought a house and wanted the lawn to look very green and lush.
Riley looked the robber in the eye before running away from him to call someone.
kai was a good teacher so he taught how to tie a tie to students.
Jan put Quinn's money in the register after collecting the payment for the meal.
Lee raised Quinn up high so she could see the game above the fence.
Bailey decided she didn't want to leave so she stayed with her mom.
Lee had Cameron call his mother to tattle on him.
Lee turned the boat around to go back home and meet the family.
Jesse devoted their money to the study of a cure for cancer.
Austin got another flight after he missed the one he was scheduled to be on.
Alex put Jordan into their place during a practice scrimmage because Jordan had been getting too arrogant.
Austin turned Quinn away because he thought he had questionable character.
Casey was helping clean Remy's apartment when they found some embarrassing items.
skylar discussed the study guide in terms that everyone could understand so that they could do well.
Aubrey discovered a broken vase and decided to ask her kids about it.
Aubrey went fishing with some people from church. Aubrey went fishing together with them.
Carson went to the fast food place and got the same thing he always gets.
Riley looked really nice when her friend picked her up for the prom.
Jordan adopted Kai's approach and went to the store as quickly as possible.
After Remy continually pestering and asking for certain decorations for the bridal shower, Taylor served Remy's interests.
Kai walked home from school alone because his friends were angry with him.
Jesse watched music videos to relax when they got home from work.
Riley was bullied in the past, so they hurt others' feelings.
Kai got dumped by her ex-boyfriend who left her for her supermodel sister.
Ash wanted to know what Jesse had been doing so he elicited a response from Jesse.
Cameron took sides when Alex and Lisa broke up dramatically.
Addison heard Sydney's parents arguing about a divorce, and was afraid to tell Sydney.
After a long period of being away and resentful, Alex came into Cameron's life.
Aubrey played the violin in a successful jazz band in a big city.
Remy ran through Aubrey's mind all day before he decided to propose soon.
Cameron was in school and had several demanding classes.
Alex woke up late and thought they'd be late for work.
Quinn was located in the Sydney area which was an unfamiliar place to her.
Sasha makes choices for Remy. Remy demands Sasha back off but Sasha sweet talks Remy into backing down.
Sydney's neighbor's played loud music so she complained about the noise.
Riley swam in the lake every day of his vacation.
Bailey judged the lack of righteousness by that man and then realized he had misjudged him.
Ash complied with Jesse's request because they wanted to make sure they understand.
Kai won the election for class president at school after a close vote.
Sasha felt great after they cleaned their room and did their chores.
Quinn's house was flooded.  Skylar gave Quinn shelter.
Aubrey had such a great time that they forgot to pick up their kids from daycare.
Quinn saw that things were not getting done, so they began to bark orders.
Carson invited Bailey's friend Addison after asking Bailey first.
Kendall expressed their opinion to Jordan how she felt uncomfortable with living with him.
Cameron won the award for best actor at the event.
Bailey took Quinn aside to talk about their recent issues with each other.
Quinn caused trouble and was punished later when he was caught.
Casey tied sashes together for decorations for the big party at school.
Riley was finally paying attention in school and he learnt something new.
Cameron is a great puppet master and was always creating new puppets. When they noticed they made a doll, named Taylor, with a defective mouth, Cameron slowly moved Taylor's mouth up.
Alex and Austin are both roommates in college, Alex remembers its Austin's birthday and prepares a surprise party.
Quinn told Addison apart of the plan about when to get the project done.
Alex moved a lot as a child and as a result went to many new schools.
Ash sent their daughter to the store after they got their license because they needed milk.
Robin followed their dream. Their goals would be made manifest.
Tracy won the big lottery and decided to help their friends financially.
Jan put Quinn's money in the safe so that it would be there when Quinn needed it.
Robin told Kendall that she wanted to go out with Kendall's brother and go to the dance with him.
After being ridiculed for having no outdoor experience, Alex made a fire for her boyfriend before dinner.
Carson turned Remy's pizza order over to the cook and he started to make it.
Riley met their friend for the first time in awhile after coming back from deployment.
Ash brought two bags of chips to his company pot luck on Thursday.
Quinn called the police and reported that their dog was missing.
Sasha set it down at defiance of the wishes of others because they wanted sasha to play the instrument.
Jordan asked Casey if they could help them move their office to a different building. Casey told Jordan yes, and brought their pickup truck to help.
Carson hit their mailbox with the car and had to fix the mailbox.
Carson had been working on the project for a long time and was finally done.
Skylar needed to avoid Carson learning about the lies they had been telling.
Alex told a funny joke that made their sibling Addison laugh.
Cameron crashed Kendall's bike into the ground and had to go to the hospital.
Ash believed what they told him him they had heard because they were trusted.
Alex told taylor the way going step by step to get past the secret board on the video game.
Kendall lied outside the scope of students who would graduate the class early.
When Robin didn't show up to work, the burden of her job was forced upon Casey.
Alex met with their friend after the show and told them how great they were in the play.
Kendall thanked Sasha yesterday for her subordinate Lee's help with the difficult project that only Lee was qualified to handle.
Taylor collected donations and saved up his own money to provide toys for needy children.
robin gave me a high five but ignored the accomplishments of the other people.
Jordan put his hand on Jan's back and rubbed it until she relaxed.
Riley had anger issues and decided to get help to make a change.
Cameron wanted to sell the car. Cameron cleaned their car.
Addison is having trouble understanding the equation. Addison knows their friend Ash is very good at explaining equations. Ash agrees to help Addison.
Robin gave money to the people that would begging.
Remy was a very picky eater. Remy surprised her parents by trying sashimi.
Jesse is Lee's best friend and wants to help them.
To celebrate the holiday, Robin made sugar cookies for everyone else in the family, but didn't want any personally.
Austin entered a competition and won an award for first place.
Carson rose from Quinn's seat so they could sit.
A camel started trying to kick and attack Bailey, so in self defense they broke the camel's leg.
Addison's friend Tracy is going on a trip and needs to get to their flight.
Alex stayed home from school, but by the time Jan returned home from work she saw Alex was better.
Austin joined the military although his mother begged him not to.
Quinn suited their needs because they were the best plumber in town.
Remy showed Aubrey respect by giving her a giant diamond ring for her services.
Tracy packed up the car and headed home for the holidays.
Remy moved next door to Lee. Lee wanted to be Remy's friend.
Jordan have Casey a picture of their dead grandparents.
Remy left their keys behind when they moved out of the country.
Bailey never missed the cat they had for 10 years after it died.
Quinn was accompanied by Sydney's wife to the police station.
Jordan bought some supplies from the store and took them home with them.
Jan put chocolates on the bed. She didn't want to get any on the bed though.
Sydney wanted to sneak into a concert, so Sydney wrote their own ticket.
Alex told Robin they had to leave because it was time to do home work.
Lee was asked to leave because he was being rude to all of the guests.
Lee decided to go to the dealership and drove home with a new motorcycle.
After spending Christmas vacation in the Bahamas with her family, Remy told her friends about their trip.
Addison is the clear winner in the vote for class president. She explains to her family all the things she did to win the vote.
Ash found uses for Alex's extra copy of the video game dark souls.
Quinn held Aubrey's feet to the fire when they were mad at them at work.
Kendall decorated Addison's house.
Remy returned the dog to the shop because he didn't realize he was allergic when he bought it.
Jan cooked dinner for their family, but Jan's family decided to order pizza instead.
Quinn returned to college after spring break and was ready for the rest of the year.
Alex took his foster son Aubrey to the park for two hours. Aubrey had a wonderful time and hugged Alex happily.
Kendall found my car keys before we left to go to the beach.
Ash ran another half marathon before retiring for good.
Ash called Riley for help with her project at work.
Aubrey put air in the balloon to decorate for the party.
Tracy met society's demands and was proud of herself.
Kai mentioned they haven't seen their friend lately, Aubrey saw Kai's friend out a movie.
Taylor was in the hospital with a broken leg, so Cameron paid Taylor a visit.
Tracy talked to Ash under the table about all their hopes and dreams for the coming year.
Addison is in charge of the companies tech department and protects from cyber threats.
Aubrey wrote her first article for the local newspaper and was excited.
Kendall didn't want to eat the lunch their mother made them so Kendall threw the lunch to the dogs.
Jordan was able to overcome a hardship by learning something new.
Sasha liked to go bowling and she asked a friend to go as well.
Cameron divided the teams into classes, teaching them each a unique aspect of the game.
Riley's assignment was due tomorrow so she had to rush fast.
Jesse was practicing piano and played the song they wrote.
Austin told lies after he was caught in a sticky situation.
Quinn was crying because other students made fun of his hair color. Lee gently raised Quinn's head up high with smile.
Aubrey always got an allowance but then her parents said she doesn't do enough to deserve it.
Remy was leaving the house for good. They took their belongings.
Alex became infected with a virus.  There is no cure for virus diseases.
Taylor hurt Lee's feelings when they were having an argument one day.
Riley was in prison and called her mother weekly. Riley talked for a long time.
Olivia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Quinn went to bed and had a really nice dream of his girlfriend.
Remy expressed her regret about her forced marriage with her half brother.
The dog tried to run away.  Bailey called them back home.
Remy decide to volunteer for the army as a token of patriotism.
At his first day as the sports journalist for the local newspaper, Cameron wrote the story about the basketball game.
Alex started to run.
according to the article Riley still got paid.
After years of stalking the elusive pop star, Kendall was finally within Jesse's reach.
Alex punched the fighter in the face during the boxing match that night.
Skylar called Bailey by her real name which embarrassed her in front of everyone.
Alex defeated every opponent in the game because he was good at the game.
Lee's team needed more practice, so Lee wanted to protect them from the harsh realities of competing.
Jesse need to be reminded of something so they wrote a note on the board.
Kendall received his meal from the waiter.  His salad was old and limpy.  He called the waiter over to complain.
Jesse poured another glass of milk after they finished their first.
Tracy liked to drink every weekend and went to the bar to do this activity.
Lee finally found peace by going to the university and learning about her field.
Bailey wanted to do something nice, so they invited all of Kai's friends to a surprise party for Kai, but nobody showed up.
Quinn requested to AUstin that he give him a description of the weather.
Aubrey was sick but Lee, their boss, made Lee go to work.
Robin was in search of a new car and saw one she liked. Quinn gave Robin an estimate of the car.
Remy found the house of his dreams and contacted a realtor.
Jan gave a beautiful birthday present to Remy's mother and she loved it.
Alex got evicted from Lee's apartment after not paying his fair share of rent for two months straight.
Jordan went to the park and tried to swing on the swing as high as they could.
Jesse found joy in thins such as beautiful sunsets over the marsh.
Walking along the street, Robin passed a group of homeless people begging so Robin gave them money.
Addison maximized Bailey's total profits by cutting waste and reducing labor costs.
Jan washed Taylor's truck on a Saturday afternoon while Taylor was away.
After getting feedback from their professors and friends, Lee gave their speech a rewrite.
Jan was running in her first marathon when she got a cramp in her leg and couldn't go any further. She dropped to one knee and flagged for a first aid worker to help her up.
remy was nervous because he was on a first date.
Riley stole Tracy's candy from their bag and then gave it to others.
Quinn had waited all summer for it to be warm enough to go to the pool.
Lee got a balloon and filled it with plenty of water.
Carson saw a car cut in front of him and made a noise with his car horn.
Quinn is Alex's team supervisor at a big company.
Jordan looked upon Addison approvingly after she did him a solid.
Quinn attended to the business needs of the client after a long day.
Ash stayed away from the kitchen while his mom was cooking.
Sasha worn her seat belt after she had a bad wreck last year.
sasha had two kids that liked to play with jesse so she sent them on jesse's way.
Cameron asked Casey to write a letter home while they are away.
Cameron gave Jordan the title for the new book they were working on.
Jan was coming back home from a long day of work. They turned their car into the driveway.
Aubrey's neighbors had their guest house vandalized. Aubrey bought a new gun.
After the opposing player was sent to the penalty box Quinn turned the incident to their advantage.
Quinn supported their friends work running for office in the town.
Skylar was on stage and started to sing and play an instrument.
kai became coach of the soccer team and improved their ability.
Remy lost contact with her mother after she was kidnapped 10 years ago.
Cameron had borrowed money from them but Cameron paid them back.
Cameron turned Taylor's face upside down when they performed an experiment on them.
Lee met Carson in person for the first time and they got along really well.
Austin told Cameron to make room from him during the election period.
Remy passed the message the school was going to lose funding unless the students brought their grades up to encourage them to study more.
Austin saw everything that was going on at work and took care of it.
Skylar continued to work hard at his homework until it was finished properly.
Cameron was very hungry, so he looked in the fridge for something to eat.
Ash's parents told her that another cookie would spoil Ash's dinner, but Ash asked for another cookie anyway.
Carson dropped his tray of food on the floor and then he immediately picked it up.
Skylar set it free. It was the right thing to do.
Lee gave the ball to his teammate during the tense match.
Starting January 1st, Bailey ate healthy food all the time and went to the gym frequently.
Jordan looked high and low for the cat after he discovered it was missing from his house.
Jesse stopped the presses so they could report the big story.
Carson's breath felt weak against Casey's neck as Casey carried him.
Jesse broke the back of the remote after anger in throwing it across the room.
Addison called Lee to tell him about Jordan and get his opinion.
Carson took a road trip to the beach alone and rode around all day.
Cameron bought gifts and gave them out in their class.
Sasha caught the ball and open their hands wide to look at it in disbelief.
Austin was called into Sasha's boss's office and they were told they were no longer needed.
Alex found out Robin is trying to shoplift sandwich. Robin looked very hungry. Being a good friend of Robin, Alex got in Robin's way.
Tracy gave Quinn trouble before Quinn asked to be left alone.
Quinn grabbed Casey's shirt when he was about to punch him in the face.
Addison threw their old clothing into the water to get rid of it.
Robin showed Aubrey's respect because they had always respected them.
Even though they were broke, Sydney paid a lot of money for the tickets, using loans from friends.
Robin started school a few hours before the rest of her classmates.
Remy left one's house after robbing it of all its valuable possessions.
Remy's yard was like a dead zone for plants. After doing some research Remy finds a hearty tree that finally grows in their garden.
Jan opened a store across the street from a popular hang out spot.
Jesse went out last week to get some food to cook this weekend.
Someone gave Bailey a job offer as a secretary. Bailey considered the offer seriously.
Casey ran for class president this year and competed among their classmates.
With their great eulogy and memorable song to honor their father, Jan struck every chord of the congregation's hearts.
Jesse rode on Jan's bike because they couldn't find their own bike.
Addison made a puzzle and wanted Ash to try it. Ash tried Addison's hardest puzzle.
Quinn decided to put ice in the machine because the drinks were warm and the electricity wasn't working.
Tracy issued Riley the court's order after the child support hearing.
Lee found out that the house was wrecked after the party and flipped their lid.
Remy told her husband about the trip and showed him her pictures as well.
Austin reconsidered Remy's decision to come over after Remy started to annoy Austin intentionally.
Sydney packed away childhood belongings and then put the boxes in the attic storage space.
Robin gave advice to the men in the study group since she had already been through the program.
Casey had volunteered at the school carnival, so Casey put the ride in motion.
Taylor took a drink to calm their nerves, and ended up drinking so much they puked.
Taylor put down the ingredients and took inventory, but was missing the flour.
When their boss told them to work harder on the project, Alex redoubled their efforts.
Jordan set the plant on the soil after they returned home.
Jesse works at a newspaper publication and he publishes articles frequently.
Addison found the movie she was watching with her date funny.
Sasha tested every outlet after rewiring the house for electricity.
Ash added fuel to the fire and tried to get it really going so everyone could roast marshmallows.
Riley was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Lee took pity on Kendall who had been an orphan since childhood.  They decided to embrace Kendall as one of their family members.
Carson learnt Alex's lesson the hard way after he flunked the test.
Jesse deepened Remy's understanding of the book before he finished his paper and turned it in.
Austin wrote a check. Austin is old school. Austin is old.
Ash tickled Kendall's fancy and Kendall approached Ash for a kiss.
Kendall cooked steak for Riley's family at the 4th of July BBQ.
Genesis was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Skylar took their daughter on a fishing trip down to the local pond.
Jonathan was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
For his 21st birthday, Sasha took him to vegas.
Kai got back to sleep and woke up the next day to begin training again.
It took several hours, but finally Cameron found a way out of the dark cave.
Tracy was ignoring what Quinn was seeing and wasn't imagining it.
Sasha's mom didn't have a ride so Aubrey took Sasha's mom home.
Lee felt nervous in Jan's line dancing class and dropped her on the ground.
Bailey ate a lot of candy at the party and had a stomach ache.
Remy read the resume and took casey on board his team.
Taylor provoked men's thoughts about it.
Jan performed her new job well because she needed to pay bills.
Riley carried her bag around the gymnasium before practice.
Taylor was running a race, and after running for an hour without seeing the finish line, Taylor went another mile.
Quinn was determined to quit smoking. Quinn's friend Riley offered them a cigarette, leading Quinn astray.
Tracy paid Remy back when Tracy got out of jail.
Casey broke Cameron's kiss with their cheek because she was repulsed by him.
At my party, I opened Carson's gift first. It was lavish and quite expensive.
Kendall gave me a headache when she hit me in the head with her fist.
Sydney was told how nice she looked by many different people at her job.
Bailey works a lot of hours on the job.
Jordan had several weeks off of school for winter break.
Skylar tried something new and it was much more fun than they had expected.
Austin bought snacks for everyone one the trip, so no one went hungry.
Sasha got some new clippers and cut Sasha's nails.
Riley was in her hometown for the weekend and wanted to make plans so she called her friend.
Ash invited Casey to a wild house party this weekend. Casey declined Ash's invitation.
Lee punched the wall after he was above the weight class he wanted.
Quinn was playing a game on his XBox and protected the battalion from attack.
Jesse took my girlfriend along with him and I'm going to find them both and there will be trouble.
Alex put Tracy to bed after a long day of fun and sun.
Riley wrapped her arms around Quinn's neck.  They enjoyed each other's company.
Sasha got stranded and lost in the rainforest alone at night. Surprisingly, Sasha made it out alive.
Remy was unconscious when Lee showed up. Lee restored Remy's health by giving him CPR.
Tracy tightened the noose around Riley's neck and offered them one last chance to confess.
Remy recorded Taylor Swift's cover as his own.
Kendall sprayed the hose everywhere by mistake because they didn't know the hose had been turned on.
Casey wanted to date Jesse and told them about it, but Jesse disagreed.
Casey pulled the car to Jesse's feet so Jesse could find the problem.
Alex got a bonus at work for good performance and had so much money.
Addison executed every move flawlessly and won the match by a wide margin.
Taylor confessed their love to the girl. They were nervous about it.
Casey was confident everything would be okay and told Taylor not to worry.
Quinn lost her husband in the fire and had to get a new one.
Kendall gave Taylor a massage after a long workout session at the gym.
Sydney and jordan agreed to treat each other better after the fight.
Skylar was at the store with their mom when he finally found what he wanted.
Jesse told Ash her secret yesterday and Ash said it's not as big deal as she thinks.
Emily was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jan would have her enemies killed and executed with a sword.
skylar wanted to wish their dad a happy birthday, they sent him a text.
Tracy gave Carson's baby a dress for the baby's birthday last sunday at the party.
jordan held the class in check because not everyone was behaving well enough to go.
Jesse thanked her roommate Sasha for playing no tricks on her in their daily life, even though Sasha was a known prankster.
There was a confrontation at the front of the store. Addison asked about what the problem was.
Jesse was finished up a semester of college. They went home last week.
Remy spent the whole day at an amusement park and was tired now, but Remy was still happy.
Austin cried a lot when his dog died that day.
Riley looked around the house and sold items on eBay.
Skylar spent that night sleeping on the floor so their friend could use the bed.
Some kids were picking on Jordan one day. Aubrey stood up to the bullies as Jordan looked back up at Aubrey.
Jordan wanted to go with Addison to the school dance that was being held.
Skylar grabbed Kendall's head gently and titled it back to whisper a secret in Kendall's ear.
While out on a date, a string on Sasha's shirt started loosening. Sasha used tape to prevent it from loosening more.
Robin attracted him at the time with a wink and a gorgeous smile.
Sasha's friends were partying all night when they realized Sasha had left ages ago.
Addison bought a gym membership after trying on her clothes.
Casey changed dresses and went back out to eat at the family reunion.
Jordan put the hot dogs on the grill. She had been looking forward to the cookout.
Cameron moved Jan's furniture in one big trip, rather than several smaller ones.
Sydney let a secret slip even though promised her best friend she would never tell.
Tracy put peanut butter on one slice of bread, jelly on another, and then Tracy ate them together.
Noticing that the stuffed animal she had her eye on was still in the claw machine, Quinn put money in the machine.
Tracy travelled by plane to Canada on their birthday.
Bailey has a new pet parrot named Ash. She doesn't want it to fly around her house when she has visitors, so she clipped Ash's wings.
Alex didn't have to go to work so alex watched a new movie.
Alex bought Bailey a very expensive new living room set for her birthday.
Remy was throwing a party for Alex and invited all of Alex's friends to the party.
Taylor decided to use Jordan's first name to name their new baby.
Skylar and Lee have been planning a surprise party. Skylar asks Lee to bring their mother.
Ash wanted breakfast so they poured a bowl of cereal into their favorite bowl.
Skylar needed money and was relieved to be offered a job.
Quinn decided to double check their work before they finally submitted it for grading.
Austin was so excited to see Remy that they couldn't sleep and then they saw the sleeping pills on the table.
Jesse took their lover to a bar to have a few drinks and chat a bit.
Lee had to buy gifts for his parents but did not have the time to go to the store. Lee ordered gifts from amazon.
riley was having a hard time so he forgot to set aubrey's alarm.
Kai was a substitute teacher for many years in high schools.
Sydney put the rest by them so she would not eat more.
Taylor put Kai's son to bed because Kai was drunk in the next room.
Lee fullfilled God's plan by becoming a preacher for his local church.
Austin not wanting Robin to get hurt gave her reasons not to go.
Aubrey took private lessons and became the best piano player in the class.
Quinn started reading Kai's new book after reading positive reviews on the internet.
Jesse noticed something wrong with Casey. They weren't acting like usual.
Sydney took the child in hand. They didn't want to lose the child at the mall.
Tracy was going to win the game but tripped and missed the final shot.
Bailey spent Addison's time for his own speech when Addison said it was ok.
Taylor wanted to do things in Jesse's format, so they copied the font and sentence structure.
Riley gave Dan some chocolate as a gift for Valentines Day.
Addison just finished their freshman year of college. Addison brought their stuff back home.
Skylar carried her trash outside and put it into a trash can.
Sasha told her friend that she wanted to go to the mall that say and have a good time.
Taylor helped by giving Alex a ride home after practicing for the test.
Carson held Casey's hand during the argument to help her stay relaxed.
Skylar was nervous about making new friends so she dressed up as a clown.
Carson gave Jesse a lesson on swimming while they were camping at the lake.
Ash played catch with all the small neighborhood kids.
Kendall took Quinn's friends to the restaurant so they could get ready for the surprise party.
Skylar called Bailey by her name over and over and Bailey didn't turn around at all.
Austin wanted to get to know her better so she visited Jan's sister.
Jordan was mad at Addison because she was making faces at him, so he put his hand on her face and pressed down.
according to the article Sasha assured Lee he would be fine.
Riley became a father. That was their proudest day.
Casey had dinner at Riley's house. They had known each other a long time.
Sasha loved books and went to the library often.
Carson was serving in the Air Force and was stationed in Germany. He surprised his wife and children by calling home.
Skylar tried to cheer Tracy up after hearing about her painful divorce.
Jordan whispered a secret in Alex's ear. Jordan wanted him to kiss her and Alex smiled bigley.
Jesse took their date to a bar that was known for serving the best hamburgers in town.
Riley looked in Jesse's direction with a huge smile on her face.
Kai wanted to teach the children.
Bailey used it to avoid him by fashioning it into a disguise from other bits of clothing.
Robin abolished drinking in the states through the use of a complicated legislative action.
Kendall also said everything looked good and keep up the good work.
Skylar picked their favorite movie and bought tickets for tonight.
Casey paid the cashier for the TV with several fresh hundred dollar bills.
Riley was interested in a new subject in school. Riley studied the history of it in detail.
Remy owns a nice and fancy gift shop.
Jan was gambling at a game of poker and lost all of Kendall's hard earned money.
Jan played basketball profesionally in Germany and was the best player on her team.
Jan pulled Sydney forward so they could be closer together.
Jan was finally thinking clearly and could distinguish a hallucination from reality.
Jesse played board games with his friends on the rainy afternoon.
Sydney was asking Jordan a question and he was ignoring her. Sydney made Jordan answer her.
Casey bought Bailey a drink and they both talked about the importance of finding love.
Aubrey controlled women's minds using powerful powers of persuasion and coercion.
Aubrey bought Alex's chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy.
Tracy helped their mom with the afternoon chores.
Carson called home to tell her parents the news.
Riley gave Casey a report that they wrote about the importance of cleaning the streets of trash.
Sydney aimed his gun. He never cared if he hurt anyone.
After getting lost in the forest, Cameron found a way out.
Austin did a lot of hard work and built an amazing dog house.
After many months of discussions and planning for the big date, Austin and Addison made an announcement that they were getting married.
Jordan sunk into Jan's teeth with a grapefruit from his garden.
Remy's parents refused to pay for his car that they damaged.
Ash sent their son to the store to get ingredients to make cookies.
Lee was hungry so they got sandwiches and got a soda to drink at lunch.
Tracy was feeling very bad after their break up. Skylar tried to cheer Tracy up.
Lee drove his new car he just bought home.
Jesse went to get married at the temple where his parents met 30 years earlier.
Jan was going camping for the first time ever, so she bought camping supplies from a store.
Alex wasn't paying attention while driving, and happened to hit their car.
Remy boils a pot of water and uses it to cook rice.
It was time for Jordan to go to bed. Jesse read Jordan a story.
Kai played professional basketball until his coach told him he wasn't good enough.
Cameron managed their money effectively even though they never would do so before.
Quinn shut their mouth when she was chewing her food.
Addison was borrowing something from their friend then gave it back.
Sasha was bored one Saturday afternoon so she sent Alex a message with her phone.
Tracy was so excited to get to the present that Tracy ripped open the box.
Ash finally got ahold of Casey to let him know that she was pregnant.
Cameron satisfied their needs by relaxing on the beach every weekend.
Quinn was so messy he left scraps everywhere, food, papers and anything else.
Kendall was riding on their bike down the street. All of a sudden, they hit a pothole and lost control of their bike. Kendall fell off the bike and scraped their knees.
Jesse promoted the world's literature by setting up a web series to take about international authors.
Skylar kept Quinn from becoming the best by sabotaging his success throughout the years.
Kai was having fun playing and was really loud.
Riley led Jordan to the door to the room where they were throwing a surprise party.
Cameron are so much Italian food to celebrate the holiday that his stomach hurt.
Jan used Lee's laptop to check her college email.
Robin buries her head in Kendall's lap and cries over the loss.
Quinn did god's work at the church meetings.
Taylor reached Alex's hand about going to the prom this coming Friday.
Tracy ensured their success by staying up all night finishing the project.
Casey was on a business trip. They attended a wine tasting.
Cameron put Robin's hand on his leg when he noticed there was no place for Robin's arm anywhere else.
Jan began to feel ill, so Jesse decided to take them to a doctor.
When Sydney started to swing at Robin, Robin held Sydney at arm's length.
Taylor raised up Cameron's arms in congratulations after she won the match.
carson took a boat across the shore so he had to wait to go back home.
Jesse was full of anticipation as she pressed the button on the elevator.  When the elevator doors would open, she would be done with work for the weekend and free as a bird.
skylar was a playful person so she played games all night.
Kai broke Casey arm during a tackle in a football game.
Casey never gave Cameron respect and then found out how it was to be thought of so poorly.
Jordan impressed Robin's girlfriend with his performance at the basketball game.
Taylor bought a new pair of jeans at the store and tried them on at home.
After spending the whole summer together, Kai's association with Sydney increased during the fall.
Alex brushed away the webs when walking through the dark basement.
Riley walked toward the house and kept their hands loosely at their sides, ready for any sudden movement.
Remy invited all of Alex's friends to the party so she could get to know them better.
Aubrey took charge and set plans in motion because nobody else was stepping up.
Alex was in love with Lee and wanted to demonstrate this affection.
Carson prevented Taylor from going to the park because there was a movie to watch.
Aubrey made Sydney explain why she made the mistake she did.
Kai was worried that Riley was missing, so Kai called Riley's husband.
Bailey spent a lot of money to help the poor.
Remy gave Ash the opportunity to come clean before they went to the proper authorities.
Lee was interested in Robin and got a chance to know her better.
Addison told Carson that she was going to leave him very soon.
Ash pushed a dog into the pool since he hated all dogs.
taylor was feeling aroused so he bit austin's lips.
Quinn obtained aubrey's audience and gave a captivating performance to them.
jordan spit at the dummy and it grossed everyone out that was there.
Addison made an incision in Bailey to get the splinter out.
Riley took their pet to the professional groomer to get ready for the pet party.
Kendall did not take Tracy's answer with a grain of salt.
Jan and her friends went to the beach for vacation, they enjoyed the trip.
Riley and Jesse had had a falling out and had not spoken in weeks.
Aubrey, Jesse's older sister, is responsible for a car accident that rendered Jesse a paraplegic.  They promised Jesse that they would never leave and always be there for them.
Aubrey had asked Cameron to driver her to the nearby town for a lecture. Aubrey awaited Cameron's answer.
Kai kept their distance from Riley and did not talk to them.
After trying for weeks, Remy finally beat Carson's personal record.
Jordan made room for Tracy before the day was over.
After loving her time on the phone, Sasha made some rice and took a bathroom break.
Addison returned the book that evening because it was long overdue.
Cameron bought a new car and took it to the beach with them that day.
Riley ran toward Remy and gave her a big hug for all her hard work.
Riley called Kai tomorrow about the big dance this coming Friday.
Jesse has borrowed Bailey's cell phone to make a phone call.
Remy didn't like to be picked on. Remy taught the bullies a lesson.
Austin invited their boyfriend to the party so they could meet Austin's friends.
Sydney put the boxes in storage because she was moving very soon.
Jesse was getting late to the game because his car broke down.
Alex deprived Sydney of the power accumulated throughout the years.
Sydney pulled over a driver with a busted tail light and then wrote out their ticket.
Sasha had a question that they couldn't answer so they sent Alex a message for help.
Cameron worked with children as a basketball coach.
Riley was mad at their sister so they ate their cake and had some of hers too.
Carson put for time into his business and began to move it forward.
austin wanted to have the maximum amount of fun possible so he shot their load toward the sky.
Bailey told their friend to try their best on the test they took.
Sydney hadn't talked to their friend in a while so they decided they should call them.
Robin got them first and was able to play the games before anyone else.
Addison made an incision in Bailey during the long operation that day.
Aubrey wanted to go on a date with someone with shared interests, so Ash gave Aubrey Jan's name.
Jesse appreciated the kind gesture that others made when they felt down.
Riley had decided to improve their health and started to eat better.
Sydney denied one's rights because they believed they were the ultimate power.
Rancher Alex wanted to prepare Osso Buco so he killed his fattened calf.
Kai worked in a laboratory where they tested vaccines on mice, and they ended up improving the health of the mice.
Addison took Tracy's blood pressure and pulse because Tracy was nervous.
Kai kept Kendall's hands in the mittens so that they wouldn't get frostbitten.
Quinn stayed a bit longer at work to complete the tasks they needed.
After weeks of marathon work, Jan finally finished his project and decided to spend the afternoon relaxing.
Jan went to Skylar's room to make sure that she was ok.
Lee held out Skylars arms to show her something.
Casey stood in front of quinn face to face with tears in eyes.
Quinn brought forth the prisoners to face their accusers in court.
Robin cleaned the house after they threw a big party one day.
Aubrey gave Kai an idea for the organization he wanted to create.
Riley restored the garden to normal after many hours toiling away.
Skylar followed them everywhere even though nobody liked skylar that much.
Jan moved back to their hometown to spend more time with family.
When Bailey noticed his car making a strange noise, they stopped driving and popped the hood.
Aubrey moved home after being away for college and was eager to start life.
Quinn finished in time and was relieved to be done with the test.
Jordan visited Aubrey's grandparents, who were sick after he came back from collage.
Jan made Riley object to the utterance of the important ball that will bounce very high.
Cameron has been practicing judo every day, ever since they were a child.
Quinn asked Austin to describe the weather at home while she was on vacation.
Jan was trying to organize a town_wide garage sale so she divided the town into districts.
Ash swept the classroom that was filled with a lot of dirt.
Tracy went to see the singer in concert and took a friend of hers with her.
Kendall fixed Quinn's wagon and quinn didn't even say thank you to him.
Cameron saw that the kitten was hungry. Cameron gave the kitten some food.
Tracy gave Ash a grin after he told a funny joke.
Cameron, Jesse's son is full of energy.  He jumps up and down all the time, sometimes on furniture.
Skylar had heard news on the grapevine about Kendall's boyfriend cheating on them so she tilted Kendall's head back to whisper the secret.
Jan would play games with other people's time at work.
Alex knew what Sydney was thinking so he formed her thoughts.
Kendall worked as a dog trainer.
Jesse loved to go hiking and as such invited her friends to a big hike.
Austin gave Sasha flowers for Valentine's Day to let her know he wanted to date her.
Ash couldn't decide what to do and finally picked a good book to read.
Jordan is Jan's mother and is very meticulous.
Jesse stayed up too late last night. He overslept and missed the train this morning.
Taylor told Kai's parents that Kai said something hateful even though the incident never happened.
Jordan saw Casey again and they headed towards the theater to see a movie.
Jesse sent their niece to school when the niece was still recovering from chicken pox.
Lee put the book in the pocket of Casey's coat.
Lee accidentally knocked it over and broke the lamp.
Robin told their children a story about a land before time, and other adults in the room listened in.
Carson got a good night's rest before the test and managed to get a good score.
After winning the state championship, Riley carried a ball around like it was a trophy.
Riley came online to the game after an absence during a busy week.
Lee has been having trouble paying rent lately and asks to borrow money.
Bailey called the water company to complain about the prices.
Quinn was in a hedge maze at the park and got lost but finally after several wrong turns Quinn found the way out again.
After an ugly breakup, Riley's ex took her car. Skyler helped out her friend and got Riley's car back.
Lee served Austin as they sat down at a table for dinner.
Skylar gave their son a gift every year on their birthday after picking out the perfect present.
Jordan had there ear to the ground to listen for when Addison was coming home.
Tracy led Alex's existence nowhere because Tracy didn't care for Alex.
Bailey loved their children.  They were a good parent.
Sasha had been hanging around a lot with Austin lately and began to pick up things.
Cameron tried to answer the question.
Exactly one week after signing the agreement of sale, Robin broke ground on the land.
Remy followed Tracy's home property value because Remy was her realtor.
Alex used their authority to prevent another disaster with the cars on the road.
aubrey was a police officer responding to a riot so she pushed the crowd back.
Kinsley was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex and Skylar just met for the very first time. Skylar wants to ask Alex on a date and has his phone number.
A dog was brought home by Casey.
Quinn recovered back the football from the ground and ran it in for a touchdown.
Kai got a new drone for Christmas. Kai wanted to test it out.
Riley expressed Kendall's feelings to the group after Kendall had a breakdown.
Jan took Kendall to a doctor despite protests from Kendall telling them not to.
Casey cleaned the bathroom when she got home at night.
Addison went into the office and put Kendall's work into action.
Austin devoted all of their time and energy to work after losing his wife and child.
Even though Riley struggled to find a steady job, Riley finally had their act together.
Ash loved Jordan and was happy to move across the country when she got a great job offer.
Aubrey was thankful for all the support Sasha's mom gave her. Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch to thank her.
Jesse called the company that would help to get rid of the ants.
Remy liked to have lunch before noon but Kai changed their opinion.
jordan wanted to help taylor so he gave her the right answer.
Addison asked their mom for help when Addison got twisted in the foot at school.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai and thought she was so pretty.
Robin went to a party with their friend.
Taylor told Alex they were going out of town to buy something nice.
Tracy gave Remy an expression of anger about the attack that just happened in the city.
Casey was Cameron's boss and was a micromanager. Casey never gave Cameron slack.
Even if it came down to risking his life, Jordan did everything to keep Bailey safe.
Sasha tutored Sydney for the bar exam which Sydney passed, therby increasing Syney's value.
Alex was bored earlier and decided to paint Austin's nails for fun.
Alex went hiking in the mountains for a week with his friends.
Riley took Jan inside the house to show her her new furniture.
Riley took Jan inside after it started to get cold outside.
Ash wanted to impress his friends so he bought the most expensive Nike's he could find to wear to his next basketball game.
Alex spent their time with people they liked the best and had lots of fun with their friends.
Jordan knew his parents would take away his phone if he failed. Jordan hid the report card from their parents.
Aubrey ate a sandwich because they had gotten really hungry and couldn't wait for others to eat.
The dogs were missing all night.  Quinn finally found them.
Jordan held back tears because they didn't want to show any emotion in public.
Robin had been driving drunk, when the cops caught her they had no sympathy, she spent the night in jail.
Austin gave Robin a reason not to go on vacation to the war torn country.
Kai bought the newest phone. Everyone saw how cool it was and wanted it.
Taylor had chest pains from all of the years of cage fighting.
Skylar quit school when she was failing.
Aubrey saw what was wrong and quickly took action to fix it.
Remy's parent's caught him skipping school and Remy was in big trouble yesterday.
Addison ruined Aubrey's day by shoving her into the dirty and laughing at the act.
Bailey served their ends that they have been wanting to do for a while.
Casey asked all their friends to come to their birthday party.
Carson was inducing new employees into the business and used Jordan, their top employee, as an example of how successful one could be.
Robin went to the market and bought some apples for a party they were having.
Sydney turned everybody's heads that day when she walked it with her makeover.
Carson went to a movie and had a great time watching it.
Jesse lost their voice. They yelled too much at the game.
kai wanted to comfort robin so he wiped away her tears.
Addison set him up on a date for the movies with a giant flick tonight.
Casey called their coworker to their desk to ask for help at work.
Sasha told Riley's mom that Riley was picking on her when they really weren't.
Ash risked Jordan's life when he drove his car drunk.
Addison gave as good a performance as Addison got to perform after practicing.
Lee got their brother to help them with the project they were doing.
Casey was driving some friends, and tried to get his car to start again.
lee held his emotions in check during the pleasurable event so that nobody would see them cry.
Kai finally convinced his husband to get a new dog there.
Kendall is being paid to train Alex's dog.
Addison made a silly face at their friend Riley and smiled and laughed.
Skylar worked as a nurse and was looking after a very sick patient.  Their job was to monitor the patient's breathing.
Taylor called Riley right back after Taylor accidentely hung up on Riley.
Kai waited for one of the other shoe to drop. She was cold and yet calculating when it comes to revenge.
Alex got the hose and turned the snow on the ground into ice.
Remy got their new phone by mail because they found an online only sale for the newly released iPhone.
After school, Casey met the friend at a bar so they could study for the final together.
Skylar lived without Quinn for the first time after the Break-Up.
Kendall was trying to decide what to make for dinner. Finally, Kendall made chicken.
Kai helped someone's brother in their math class.
Remy found Carson's level and his other tools on the side of the house.
Jan started a blog yesterday on their favorite hobby collecting coins.
Addison gave Ashley look because she was all up in her business.
Riley came home to a lovely dinner made by their other half, Riley ate everything on their plate then served up another portion to them and their partner.
Kendall was writing a sick person a note, so Kendall included, get well.
ash started lifting weights again so he regained his strength.
Taylor took Addison's lives in the video game after they got much better than Addison at the game.
Louie had been sentenced to death for their crimes, and Jordan hung Louie.
Bailey told jesse's fortune and scammed her out of 100 dollars.
Sydney was at the county fair where she used tickets to go on several rides and play games.
Quinn gave Austin detention because Austin was being very rude to Quinn.
Quinn sent a group to meet each other because she thought they would get along.
Cameron found Jesse crying hysterically in the mall by themselves after getting separating from their parents. Cameron put Jesse at ease.
Remy hit the brakes to avoid hitting the pedestrian that was jaywalking across the street.
Kai prevented the man from passing while they were driving.
Bailey did not like immigrants rallying at the court house.
Remy was telling some outrageous lies. Aubrey knew the truth and pulled Remy apart.
Carson said very mean things to Alex because he was a bully.
Taylor cut Casey's arm by accident when they were playing with their new knife.
Skylar went around Taylor because she was moving too slowly.
Remy didn't know where he wanted to go for dinner. Remy ate buffet to get a little bit of everything.
Sydney told Cameron to break up with his girlfriend after seeing her cheat. Cameron used Sydney's advice well.
Bailey told Kendall they were done, she had helped her and been treated poorly for too long.
Casey understood clearly the things that needed to be done in order to help their loved ones to succeed.
Ash built a fire then 
ash added gas to the flame.
Carson always admired his aunt and followed her path into medicine.
Jordan has returned back home from the university dormitory with lots of unwashed smelly clothings.
Tracy spent a week getting ready for the math tests she had.
Casey saw Aubrey's good example and decided to follow her lead.
Ash played tricks on his little sister to make her cry.
After they had been together a few months, Bailey drew Jesse away from her friends and family.
Jan capped off the party.
A very angry Riley pushed the much weaker Kai on to the ground at the county fair.
Tracy had angry words with their mom after Tracy caught their mom snooping through Tracy's belongings one day.
Tracy danced around the room sang along to their favorite song.
Aubrey pushed the cart around the grocery store and got some food to eat later.
Sasha called Tracy forth to explain their side of what happened the night of the crash.
Jordan was playing with a friend when the friend hurt his head. Jordan gave him something to help it.
Lee got married to Tracy because they were in love with each other.
Quinn was getting sick of Aubrey's attitude. Aubrey lost the attitude for Quinn's sake.
Ash walked with his girlfriend in hand to the movies because they are in love.
Lee covered their tracks in an attempt to keep the murderer from finding them.
Riley never returned from the market and went to another state to find a new life.
They liked to play the slots, so Quinn put coins in the machine.
Bailey loved their beard and was glad they grew it out.
Cameron cut Bailey's hair into a bob but it came out super uneven.
Cameron was gifted a trip by their parents and they decided to visit France.
Skylar was angry because they found out that Alex had been stalking them for several months.
Aubrey told tales. It got to where her friends didn't trust her word anymore.
Ash realized after she accepted Taylor's proposal that she needed a passport to travel for their honeymoon.
Addison threw a punch that almost hit Remy, but they missed.
Jesse was pregnant and about to have a baby. Addison rushed Jesse to a hospital.
Casey never followed anyone's advice about her work.
Jesse tried to stick it out through the storm but soon came to realize that they had to go.
Cameron wrote out a schedule and carefully divided the children into different classes.
Casey dreamed of writing the next great American novel.
Robin was unfamiliar with the location so, Cameron put Robin's hand on the braille.
When she found out about the concert, Kai became excited.
Ash wore dirty clothes to the party due to not having enough time to change.
Riley watched sports on TV with her boyfriend even though she didn't like sports.
Realizing that she had forgotten to buy eggs, Riley returned to the store.
Robin practiced for hours on her violin after she got home from school.
Aubrey made Kendall's bed because Kendall was in a rush to go to the airport.
Jeffrey revealed what their sibling was getting for Christmas. Kendall also said the secret.
Skylar saw Cameron had a nice bag and grabbed it.
Bailey happily accepted the new car from the dealership that day.
Riley bore Ash's share of the money to the safe house because Ash was injured in a shootout after the robbery.
After having an argument with her significant other, Sasha spent the entire night alone.
Austin was having trouble completing his homework. Bailey helped Austin understand the work. Austin began to show Bailey kindness at school.
Tracy entered Austin's father's brother into the contest without Austin knowing this.
Bailey got Tracy's father from his bedroom upstairs.
Skylar came to get Austin and bring her back home where she belonged.
Addison was caught shoplifting by the store owner and was taken to jail by the police.
Kendall saw a cat in a tree and rescued it.
Casey poked Riley in the chest while accusing Riley of cheating but Riley pushed Casey's fingers backwards and denied it and then proved their innocence.
Sydney enjoyed the surprise party they had prepared for Taylor. Sydney had the time of Taylor's life.
Jordan told Riley's boyfriend about the date that night.
Alex hit Carson in the head and stole his wallet before running down the street.
Kai went back home. They forgot their wallet.
Addison heard Tracy cough in the next room, so they took Tracy's temperature.
Sydney had made a big mess and did not want to clean it up, so Kendall told Sydney´s mom about it.
Quinn finished Jan's chores for her to help out his best friend.
Kendall was so excited and couldnt get the words out fast enough to tell their parents so Casey finished their sentence for them.
Riley went outside in the freezing temperatures to see the lunar eclipse last night.
Jordan rushed to the ER and demanded to see their son right away.
Addison went to take the trash out and saw a raccoon jump out of the dumpster at her.
Quinn and Austin discussed their similar life experiences and secret with each other.
Riley told Casey to go to New York as a representative for their college.
Kai played Ash's video game all day and started to feel guilty that Ash never got a turn to play.
Taylor backed away from Skylar because Skylar was trying to hit them.
Skylar was promoted to district manager and so changed Addison's look of the place.
Jesse was careless and drop a sheet of drywall braking another workers back.
Addison set sail for Jordan during the long campaign with the Ottomans.
Taylor became Bailey advocate and got introduced into the big club today.
Sasha was out at the mall and saw Riley's mom. She went and said hello to her.
Robin was forced upon Casey because she fell on him accidentally.
Kai gave him one book after the next until he had read her entire collection.
Taylor taught children to care for pets and not abuse them but rather be stewards.
Sasha owed you and Austin an apology for what she did the other night.
Quinn became too much for her mother to handle when she couldn't control her tantrums.
Ash got stuck in the snow because she waited too late to go to the store for bread and water.
Jan blew Bailey's engine when they revved the car way too high.
Taylor allays Remy's fear of chickens attacking them in their sleep.
Sydney came back from work to find the house was on fire.
Skylar looked at his friend and told him he would be alright tomorrow.
Addison made a grilled cheese sandwich for themselves and their family for breakfast.
Contrary to expectation, the product Robin ordered is different from what he received thus, had to send the order back.
Jesse was in a competition with the others, all they had to do was to press the button and answer.
Jesse went again next year and everyone was glad to be able to enjoy jesse's company.
Sasha threatened every employee with termination after some product went missing.
remy showed alex's love to others so alex could get the credit.
Addison held their title for life despite a desire by others to take the crown.
Jesse called all their friends and asked htem go to play with them.
Robin took the salt back to the counter so the waiter didn't have to walk farther.
When Skylar learned that Jan was the one sleeping with their husband, they plotted to kill them when they returned home.
Ash is talking to their friends about a recent decision to get married.
Austin had served two full tours in iraq, then he came home from the war.
Jordan was playing a game with Sasha and scored a goal.
Sydney wanted to switch groups but Sydney already belonged to Cameron's group.
Robin is kai's best friend. Kai was going through a tough time with his parents and robin helped him to clear his mind.
Skylar demanded that Tracy to brutally interrogate the prisoner. Tracy is a pacifist but Tracy obeyed Skylar's order.
Casey tossed the fish back and put bait on her hook.
Kendall would be in Brazil for two years, he knew that he had to learn the language.
Casey needed more socks so Aubrey bought him some more for Christmas.
Remy wanted some coffee as he had been up all night.
Jordan was unsure if he liked his new group tested the waters by suggesting a new activity that was loved.
Jan is the university president. After pressure from the board they have no choice but to increase students' tuition.
Taylor read online about how to assemble the printer they had just bought.
Casey and Taylor were in bed sleeping but as Casey turned, they accidently rolled onto Taylor's back.
Ash gave you a good idea and you indicated you were going to take it.
Alex tore Ash to pieces when Ash broke his watch that was his granpa's that had died last year.
Taylor stayed up all night to study for a very important exam which made up a large portion of their grade.
Tracy was a doctor who performed the surgery very carefully.
Robin broke Quinn's glasses when she tripped over the chair.
Cameron checked Aubrey's watch for the time and it was almost midnight.
Jan prevented him from gaining any money because he had to pay child support.
Lee met the nation's leader because there were some talks about the nation's nuclear weapons program.
Alex's back was hurting from lifting weights. Alex eased their pain with rest and ice.
Lee twisted Sasha's ankle so that they wouldn't be able to finish the race and Lee would win.
Kai found Sasha smoking marijuana after school. Kai told Sasha's parents what happened.
Jan moved from place to another in hopes of finding a job worth working for.
After completing the half marathon, Tracy drank several bottles of water at once.
Tracy asked Austin's family if they could go to the camp in July with his family.
Skylar finally got fired from her job after she was caught stealing printer cartridges.
Austin had never kissed a girl before. Austin bit Skylar's lower lip.
Jan bought camping supplies from a store and soon went camping in the woods.
Kai was getting close to 20 years old and Kai wanted to get married.
Jordan accepted the challenge and accomplished his goal of winning a world tournament.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas, but couldn't afford one home after losing all their money.
Robin and friends were hiking in the woods and to ensure no one got lost Robin kept their friends all together.
Lee had to run to the store because when he looked in the refrigerator he didn't have anything to make for dinner.
Remy arrived to class in time to give the students the full lecture.
Bailey is in love with her ex Kai. Kai recently married another woman and Bailey just found out.
Skylar grew their hair out after having a bad hair cut.
Taylor impressed upon you the standards that needed to be followed with fevor.
Riley had been out sick for a while and returned to work.
Taylor had been sick so had missed a lot of school so had got a tutor to help them study and they worked very hard to make sure they caught up.
Riley made Kendall's discovery known and Kendall enjoyed a ton of success in business.
Jan lost all Kendalls money on the bet she made.
Riley walked to the mall and bought some clothing that was there.
Addison earned their experience by the sweat when she learned how to box.
Lee was looking for their lost dog and drove around their neighborhood.
Alex maintained Riley's system after his failed the first time.
Kendall ate a hamburger from the local diner and later felt sick to their stomach.
Cameron and Austin became actors after they moved together to Hollywood.
Jesse was about to go back to college in the fall.
Sasha moved towards the door grabs her keys and gets her coat on after dinner.
Jesse spent so much time online that he forgot what it was like to be outside.
Alex was trying to get to know Austin for a while, and finally Alex made headway with Austin.
Remy spent their money on other people that were asking for food.
Skylar took a seat next to an old man who smelled like whiskey.
Some children in Tracy's son's class had head lice. Tracy examined every inch of her son's head when she got home.
Before spending the entire day studying, Sasha had to take her kids to school and go to the grocery.
Addison took a family trip so everyone could spend time together.
Addison needed a haircut. Addison asked Casey how they could layer their hair.
Ash was hungry so they poured a bowl of cereal.
Cameron got cake but realized he was really hungry so got ice cream as well.
Cameron walked up to the man and dropped the writ.
Remy and Jesse are rock climbing when Jesse looses their grip. Remy grabs Jesse's hand at the last moment.
Robin told her friends the news that she had been diagnosed with a disease.
Skylar attended school for the first time because he was from overseas.
Casey was tired of  the fly in her room. Casey flushed the insect down the toilet.
While cooking dinner for his parents, Sasha accidentally burnt his finger on a hot pan.
After being unemployed for 6 months, Jesse is starting a new job on Monday.
Carson stole the money from the emergency fund stash his parents left downstairs.
Jordan bought a new suitcase for her friend Jane and gave it to her at Christmas.
Alex and their friends were playing baseball in the park and when the game was over Alex left together with them.
Bailey decided to try something new and ate seafood.
Cameron saw the lions and decided to start donating towards endangered species efforts.
Carson added the guests to the list and scribbled small notes beside their names.
Aubrey always made time for their friends, no matter how busy they were.
Ash went to kill Addison and then grabbed a sandwich.
Ash smelled so bad that all the other people at the gym gagged when near them.
Kai talked to his mother and told her that Kendall was sorry.
Taylor worked effortlessly for a few days to restore the power necessary for Skylars position.
Addison found her way to me so that we could leave the concert together.
Jan threw Aubrey back into the pool when she got out.
Kai played a role in Skylar's life despite not being her biological father.
sydney was a dramatic person so she made a big deal about the simple issue.
Lee gave the worker a bonus based on the worker's stellar performance over the past month.
Bailey pranked Alex and scared the hell out of him by jumping out at him.
Ash leaved Bailey's gift behind.
Jan took an art class and got a very good grade in it.
After years of hard practice and learning different methods for improvement, Cameron finally beat his goal.
After studying for hours, Skylar finally got her history study guide down.
Sydney turned sixteen on Monday May 14th.
Quinn bought a sandwich for their friend and told them to enjoy it.
Tracy met Taylor's parents at the park and they had a nice long chat.
Skylar got married to a very nice person and they went on a honeymoon to Toronto.
Jordan said it another time as well. There was no going back this time.
Kai couldn't fall asleep with the TV blaring so loud so Kai asked Robin to turn it down.
Cameron headed back to the hostel after going backpacking and seeing the sites.
Kendall ran out of gas on the way home from work. Kendall was more careful in the future.
Cameron provided a cause for the problem and his boss gained an understanding of it.
Carson and Sasha were co-workers who were working on a project together when all of the sudden Carson launched into a verbal attack on Sasha.
sydney was a genius so her plan turned out very well.
Jordan practiced the trumpet every week until the concert.
Casey looked over Kai's shoulder to find out what they were doing, even though it was none of their business.
Remy passed the other car quickly as she was in a hurry to get home and the car was going really slow.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to dinner even though Kendall didn't know it at the time.
sasha threatened every record after training for months to shatter them.
Bailey prevented the geese from going across the road into traffic.
Austin taught everyone the truth about the subject and enlightened every one of them.
Carson was boiling hot water on the stove and knocked over the pot but immediately picked it up.
Aubrey took Casey on a shopping trip for Casey's first school dance.
Wanting to avoid the ongoing fight erupting, Aubrey tried to walk away.
Austin practiced daily and as a result Austin won a game.
Jordan and Jan were playing with their boats in the pool. Jordan sunk Jan's boat with a rock.
Austin cried all the way back as he ran home to lie in his bed.
Bailey failed the exams the first time, but Jan decided to give them a second chance.
Aubrey fought with Addison over something very trivial. Aubrey burnt her bridge with Addison.
Jan wanted to encourage their students so they offered prizes.
Kendall saw Jan search how to make a bomb online. Kendall also found out Jan already bought the ingredients of the bombs. Jan scared Kendall away.
Taylor had set up a game outside on the porch. Cameron came along and played chess with Taylor.
Carson was on a date with Bailey and took their hand in the garden.
Remy asked Taylor the reason her bread rolls were turning out gummy.
Ash gave the job to the most qualified candidate because they needed someone good for the position.
Jordan quit their job and campaigned for many months and persuaded many people to vote for elected office officials.
Bailey made a spectacle of themself at the park last night.
Sydney put their blankets on the floor so they could have a slumber party.
Sydney packed up furniture to store at a friends house.
Using every makeup technique available, Tracy created Remy's new image of suave sophistication.
Carson tried to win the race by running fast.
Bailey told the time wrong so people would be late.
Remy saw a group of tourists who had been stranded at the airport.
Kendall followed the doctors advice and took the flu medicine as prescribed so she could keep her job.
Kai was nervous and not looking forward to the job interview, but Kai crossed that bridge when she came to it.
Aubrey suited her friends because she was very funny all the time.
Carson and Jesse started kissing and Carson dug Jesse's nails into his chest.
Sydney was stabbed in the back by a man in a drak coat.
Sydney told Jesse she could do it even though she knew that she couldn't.
Casey kept the talk to a minimum. She was in a hurry and had to drive home quickly.
Tracy is typically a very picky eater.  She is known to never try new things.
Quinn liked a boy who winked at her.
Jan said something snide to Skylar that they didn't appreciate one bit.
Addison carried Riley away after Riley tripped and injured their leg.
Quinn wrecked their bike and couldn't fix it, so Quinn brought the bike to a mechanic.
Ash threw the phone at the wall in anger.
Bailey wanted to spend some time with her family. They planned a whole day out together.
Remy held Skylar's meeting at the tower and got their paperwork done.
Lee hid behind the door and jumped out at Quinn who was scared to death.
Taylor realized she was late for her meeting. She quickly got dressed and ran out the door.
Quinn developed a program for people to make work easier.
Jordan quit their job and campaigned for many months and persuaded many people to vote for elected office officials.
Carson asked the neighbors about the new car they bought.
Addison gave the money to her because she asked to borrow it.
Taylor was wearing a particularly revealing outfit which stirred up men's imaginations.
Despite Jan's warning, as Kai walked carefully across the carpet, Kai spilt Jan's drink.
Sasha played basketball well at the game today.
Audrey decided to break up with her boyfriend who cheated on her.
Jesse faced the person they hurt during the period they were on drugs.
taylor wanted to try the amazon store so he made purchases online.
Cameron always put things away after he used them at the gym.
Alex answered Lee's questions while they studied for their history test.
Kai is a singer of an amateur rock musician group. Kai wanted to be on NBC's America's Got Talent. Other members were reluctant at first but Kai finally convinced the group.
Taylor gave him presents on his birthday for his party.
Taylor granted her daughter Riley permission to dance and Riley did so well she impressed everyone watching.
Bailey bought pot online and had a fun time enjoying the stuff.
Jan drove Skylar back home after school was over.
Sydney could feel their temper beginning to flare up.
austin had a craving for meat so he decided to make chicken for lunch.
Bailey didn't want to ruin the surprise, so Bailey kept Carson from seeing everything.
Ash brought up the rear of the platoon as they marched across the desert.
Alex did not agree with their boss' findings.  Therefore, Alex made their statement.
Kendall took "No" for Tracy's answer when Tracy refused to use street drugs.
Kendall did not have a ride to school. They walked to school that time.
Riley employed Ash in their shop but after Ash did not show up for their shifts for a week, Riley considered firing Ash but after they had a good chat, Riley decided to give Ash another chance.
Casey got nothing done. He was always something of a procrastinator.
Kendall got a hold of the rope and started climbing with all their might to reach the top.
Austin used birth control when they were having sex with their girlfirend.
Remy drank a lot at his bachelor party and starting feeling a lot better after resting.
Taylor asked Jan if she could come along.
Casey called her coworker to the bar when she found that glasses were missing.
Kai threw her trash into the water even though she knew that littering is bad for the environment.
skylar was suspicious so she looked around and caught quinn peeking.
Austin regulated meetings between the two warring nations in an attempt to promote peace.
Taylor's feet still hurt from walking in the woods yesterday, so Taylor decided to take a nice, hot bath.
Cameron put his hand out and Robin put hers in his as the turned toward the street.
Casey hired an attorney names Aubrey to help keep their business running right.
Skylar shot the breeze with some friends she hadn't seen in a while.
Ash examined Riley closely after they fell down the flight of stairs.
Taylor purchased one. Then they bought another the same day.
Jesse got on the bus at the bus stop to go to work.
quinn was a smart person so she followed tracy's advice.
Kendall did not have a car, so Sasha took Kendall to the library.
Lee gave an employee she was dating a promotion he didn't deserve.
Remy was sick with the flu and stayed home from work all day.
Carson saved me and helped me beat an addiction to heroin.
Ash lent Jan money to buy the lottery ticket. Jan hit big on the ticket and decided to share with Ash.
Robin bugged Kendall until he acquired the knowledge from Kendall.
jesse took ash at austin's word because there was a lot of trust within the group.
Riley was trying to keep Sasha warm and pulled the hood over her head.
Bailey was having a difficult time finding a good job, but Tracy offered Bailey an opportunity.
Jordan gave Casey an example when explaining a complex concept at work.
Cameron told someone that he cared about them a lot and wanted to date them.
Lee was a very diligent student who cared deeply about his grades.
Ash put money in Quinn's pocket after realizing he didn't have any.
Taylor was walking to work while practicing a weight loss training program.
Addison made a good meal for breakfast and all of her friends ate some of it.
Ash used pins to represent places on the map while trying to figure out where the killer might strike next.
Sydney wasn't sure if the note was for her. Sydney spent all morning wondering about it.
Aubrey was working on a math test. Aubrey understood the problem well so she had no issues.
The cat scratched Riley's face and they had to go see the eye doctor.
Cameron wanted to make margarita so that he could enjoy their Mexican food.
To get lee to sleep that night, Jesse started telling lee a story.
Carson wanted to go out to dinner and the theater so he invited his girlfriend along and made a night of it.
Skylar was standing in front of a board painted many colors. Slylar picked a favorite color from the board.
Cameron was leaving to live at a college dorm for the next year. Cameron rode together to campus with their family on the move-in date.
Sydney gave Ash relief by rubbing his sore muscles after a long day of work.
Riley forgave her friend after her friend stole money at her house.
Remy covered Alex's body. Alex had just died and Remy was sad.
Riley made fun of Sydney for tripping over a rock and hitting her head.
Sydney looked down their nose to the bottom of their glass of milk.
Addison was approaching a red light and passed the red light because she wanted food.
Aubrey increased Jordan's power so that he could take over the project at work.
Alex had much money and spent it on other people.
Riley just became a father after going through the adoption process and getting a child from China.
Ash decided to help out and paid Cameron's bills.
Sydney was always interested in Taylor, he did a background check on Sydney's life, he had all figured out.
Lee was afraid to go in the water. Lee did not know how to swim.
Aubrey wanted to go on holiday but wasnt sure where to go so Aubrey asked their kids for ideas and of course top of the list was disneyland.
Cameron saw Remy's dad for the first time and thought he was very funny when they talked.
Robin would help with the dishes if she wanted to.
Jordan stayed calm throughout the emergency drill they had at work.
After walking in poison ivy, Jesse broke out in a rash.
Lee let the dog out so it could play and use the bathroom.
Sasha took the cats to the pound because there was no choice but to have them put to sleep.
Lee played rough at the soccer game and accidentally twisted her ankle.
sasha was annoyed and angry so she developed an attitude about austin.
Kendall waved their hand back. they clearly knew each other.
Jordan murdered several people and was going to spend his life in prison.
Sydney shone like the sun after giving a speech that was very well received by the crowd.
Alex took up Ash's position after it was needed for him to do.
Taylor served Addison's ends in their business throughout the years.
Kendall sold their old car and got a new one the next day.
Alex made it in time to the presentation that was happening at work.
Tracy entered Austin into the singing contest because she knew he could win.
Kai read another novel since they liked to read and they had free time.
Remy paid Kendall back right away after borrowing money to buy a PSVITA.
Riley was not one for conciliatory measures. Having sensed some slight antagonism in the other's remarks, Riley was more than willing to fan the flames.
Bailey baked cookies for Alex and Alex was really happy about the kind gesture.
After running into the wrong crowd, Ash used a knife to defend their self.
Jesse was very particular about the first car their child would drive. Jesse inspected each car with care.
Jordan told Tracy to get a job. Jordan had trouble paying the bills alone.
Cameron walked along the road putting his thumbs up when any vehicle drove by.
Riley was always a strict librarian, he gave no one access to the restricted section.
Taylor stirred men's desire and the others did not like to be around her due to jealousy.
Tracy gave their mom a hug to show them how much they appreciated them.
Alex wanted to have an enjoyable evening on their night off work.
Jordan really helped Skylar study when he was studying for the big test.
Autsin understood the possibilites of winning the singing competition.
Remy was angry with Aubrey and treated her with contempt.
Riley was eating out of alex's palm when they were telling them jokes.
Addison provided Kendall the correct answer,so she could graduate with them.
Casey saw Aubrey show an example and paid close attention so she could learn more.
Robin became very interested in the concept of playing video games all day.
Kai asked Robin to turn it down when the music was way too loud.
Quinn asked Remy point-blank if they were having an affair, and Quinn demanded that Remy answer.
Quinn was the pastor at their church, so Quinn gave glory to god.
Skylar called Robin in their office so they could discuss business.
Skylars dogs ran all over the field having a great time.
Taylor told Alex what was going on with the bank account.
Tracy spent a lot of time raising her grades before the final report card.
Riley gave Quinn a view of the transcript beefore it went public.
Sydney was Carson's therapist. Sydney gave Carson a new outlook on life.
Sydney wished Robin success as Robin prepared for their job interview.
Even though Jesse's roommate is allergic to animals, he decided to adopt the cat.
Ash assisted the student in understanding what was needed for their homework.
Jordan was tired and decided to wander off and hurt people at the fair.
Tracy spent a week with Sydney's family because Tracy was visiting them from out of town.
Once Aubrey moved into their house permanently, Jan controlled Aubrey's life.
Addison improved the mood of the patient my telling them how well they were doing.
They put a rag on their forehead because they had a fever of a hundred and five.
Robin never gave any doubt on the skills during the basketball game.
Tracy drank alcohol to try and avoid thinking about her problems.
Bailey was kidnapped with others but after much planning and organising, Bailey got away from them and was able to alert the authorities.
Carson took their backpack and went to school and took out their new pens.
Riley complained to Robin's mother about the bad cake that was cooked.
Remy gave Sydney plenty of time to decide if they want to get married.
addison was a bad person so he spent most of skylar's time.
Liam was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha let him back in even though he was a liar and a cheater.
Skylar was there for Tracy when she really needed someone to talk to.
Jan raised their arm above their head to lower her blood pressure.
Riley threw uncertainty upon the subject after bringing more evidence to light.
Carson had to go potty but was having trouble with the pants. Aubrey loosened the zipper of Carson's pants for him.
quinn was a new person in town so she met aubrey.
lee was a spiteful person so he made sure to press charges.
Casey set pulses racing with their fast movements that were incredible.
Quinn required Alex's effort to succeed in the project at work for the big client.
Ash was told what Aubrey was told by the witness about the criminal investigation.
Carson receives a promotion at work. Several of Carson's friends and colleagues gave Carson gifts and cards to say congratulations.
Kendall is a very experienced and successful dog trainer.
Austin gave Robin a slap right across the face.
Taylor called forth the person who could unlock the office door.
Alex needed a home before the summer.
Sydney loved their time on vacation and vowed to take them regularly from now on.
After a long day at work, Jordan rushed home and threw open the door.
Quinn preached faith to the poor and was welcomed into every home that week.
Bailey tried their best to play the sport and win the game.
Casey saw what was wrong with Sasha and called an ambulance.
Casey saw that they were having trouble reaching so they extended Tracy's hand.
Addison paid cash for her first car. Addison drove the car away that day.
Alex was camping with Jordan when she heard a wolf howl. Alex came and sat beside Jordan.
Quinn brought forth the prisoners for their release after serving their sentences.
On the new medication that altered their mood and actions, Jordan thought and acted in terms they didn't understand at all.
Sasha got a new job and met the boss and was told they needed to work hard.
Bailey attracted media attention by offering a story when her house was broken into.
Addison said they would go in front of the school to make the speech.
Quinn went to the store and bought some milk for her family back home.
Robin liked him the best and always gave him special treatment.
Kai finally convinced them to go see the movie.
Addison made Jordan guess the answer to the wuestion.
Then gave no trouble to his mom after she spent his butt.
Riley was very upset about something that was said at work.
Addison fell off of her bike, so she wanted to go to the doctor.
Lee took Bailey's baby and refused to give it back to her.
Bailey went to the concert and saw the band live.
Quinn gave all of her classmates some cookies that she had with her.
Remy gave Sydney a bunch of money to go get a makeover.
Ash pulled up stumps after the thunderstorms knocked down a bunch of trees.
Robin went to Las Vegas and risked her husbands entire savings account on the roulette table.
skylar was competitive so she challenged her brother to a soccer match.
Carson was looking at a painting on the wall and wanted to show Jordan. Carson turned Jordan's attention towards it.
Alex took Aubrey to the lake for two hours and then left without her.
Aubrey filled Riley's tank because they wanted to replace the gasoline after borrowing Riley's car.
Bailey baked cookies for Alex but unfortunately Bailey ate all the cookies before giving them to Alex.
Jan missed Quinn's flight when she drove her to the airport.
Cameron pleased every parent at the conference with their speech.
Disagreeing with their teachers grade, Quinn spoke her mind to them.
Taylor gave her something she was allergic to and made Bailey's teeth itch.
Austin brought water to Quinn's lips when Quinn was sick with the flu.
Casey helped to set Remy's affairs in order in a neat and professional way.
Sydney paid a lot of money on gifts for Christmas because they wanted everyone to enjoy themselves.
Carson placed the win in perspective with the rest of the season, realizing they still had a losing record.
Kai didn't want to see Casey again because they stole their spouse.
Ash gave Jan's name to Aubrey so Aubrey could coordinate a successful event at the store with Jan's expertise.
After Kendall moved in to their new house, Austin helped Kendall by decorating their house for five hours.
Ash asked Casey anything they wanted about the test questions that day.
jan gave bailey another go at it because they felt bad for bailey.
Remy was so drunk he couldn't walk straight, and he felt nauseous. Lee took Remy to the bathroom and left him there while he returned to the party.
Skylar had extra tickets and decided to bring their neighbors, the browns, to the super bowl.
Ash failed to show up at a time when Sydney needed his help.
Cameron got more money than anybody else by being the best at sales.
Kendall held Robin close at the party for the entire time.
Bailey gave everyone the opportunity to do well on the test but a lot of her students failed.
Aubrey realized things weren't as they seemed and Aubrey took the revelation into consideration.
Sydney was finally able to sit down after standing for four hours.
Jordan provided Tracy a service after she said she needed a gardener.
Despite being stranded in the woods, Remy still found something to eat.
Sydney is a duck. Sydney escaped from her cage.
Addison took aspirin a while ago and is now feeling a little bit better.
Skylar was beside themselves with grief at the loss of their husband in such an unexpected and sudden way, so when the funeral home was ending the service, Robin saved Skylar´s husband´s ashes on Skylar´s behalf.
Quinn bought time to make sure the plan would run smoothly.
Taylor improved the patient's mindset after realizing he was very scared.
Sasha ate cheeseburgers even though she committed to eating healthier before.
Cameron checked Addison's fridge, but noticed that there wasn't anything to eat in it.
Sydney gave great manicures, Quinn had Sydney give him a manicure.
Alex obtained documents for analysis and they were riddled with errors that he would need to correct first.
Skylar took command and changed Austin's name to something embarassing.
Bailey got to know Quinn well and developed an interest in him.
Riley struck a small blow to the back of the head of the criminal that was chasing her and ran away.
Carson met up with Riley and gave Riley the idea.
Robin kept their friends together and the others appreciated her efforts.
Riley works in a pharmaceutical company. There was a seminar to present new drugs. Riley prepared for the reception after the seminar.
Aubrey never spoke aloud during class so people thought she wasn't smart. One day she answered a question and showed forth the wisdom.
Austin spent all afternoon dusting and tidying up for the impending visit.
Sasha took the bus to Vegas to audition for a performance part in the new Cirque du Soleil acrobatic extravaganza.
Jordan ate Cameron's cookies after she baked them.
Aubrey was determined to figure out the patient's illness quickly.
Lee paid enough attention and did well on his entrance exam for college.
Remy got into a fight with their friend and knocked them to the ground.
Sasha fell riding Austin's bike and broke both her arms.
Kendall knelt down beside Jan because Jan was laying on the ground and unresponsive.
Lee called a spade a spade because they knew exactly what it was.
Aubrey and her friends planned to go to the town fair. Aubrey invited her sister along.
Casey set the chairs in order. She needed to do this for the show.
Skylar accomplished her work faster then the others so she left quicker.
Addison did Remy dirty and reported them to the cops for selling drugs without provocation.
Kendall improved Kai's lot in life by getting him set up with a job and an apartment.
Tracy took the cure and was healed the next week with greater stamina.
In their article, Maine gave the reader a thorough analysis of Riley's perspective.
Austin got home safely after making a 12 hour drive across state lines.
Remy had a few days off of work and decided to come visit Jan.
Robin spoke about Alex's mind in a way that was kind and thoughtful.
Lee received every threat that was sent to him from his stalker.
Sasha was trying to fix the very old oven and Sasha badly burnt her face.
Carson joined a band and did a really good job at performing the songs.
Tracy paid Taylor homage during the performance of the intricate scene.
Kendall prohibited ships in the territories. That was the agreement they had signed.
kai changed men's minds about the benefits of feminism in the country.
Sydney reach across the table to grab the salt because the food was too bland.
Jesse went begging to their mother to try to get the last piece of pie instead of splitting it with their siblings.
Addison did not know what to do with her life, so she looked to Aubrey for direction.
Robin finally reached Tracy's level after months of trying to catch up with her.
Riley and Austin were horsing around at the pool and Riley decided to dip Austin's head in it.
Aubrey gave me water when I was dehydrated outside.
Tracy uttered bad words at Kai and Kai responding by assaulting Tracy.
Casey fired herself up and ran the race with her dad.
There was a terrible storm in Robin's town so Robin kept all his family together in their basement.
Cameron is sickly and wore sweaters often during winter.
Robin gave the beggar money and offered her moral support.
Jordan spent life in prison because they killed another person.
Jordan wanted to lose some weight, so he decided to eat healthy.
Alex kept Aubrey's record's safe from peering eyes.
Kendall got Casey's bike from the shop after getting it fixed.
Addison spent weeks learning their lines for the play. The first performance goes excellently and Addison gets every line perfectly.
Alex was simply another player that was trying to make a goal in the soccer game.
Jesse considered every angle when he was planning his move.
Austin put on a lot of clothes and got really hot.
Ash saw Cameron's husband fooling around with another woman in a party.
Tracy begged Carson to let go of the old toy he never used.
Alex told Kai he did not want trouble when Kai came toward him with his fists up.
Sasha got caught playing in the rain, so went inside with their father.
Kendall bought a new guitar and decided to use it as often as possible.
Riley and Sydney always joked around with each other and Sydney made fun or Riley every day.
Cameron was in a bad mood after a long day and jumped in their skin.
Taylor played video games for hours and then went to bed so he can play more later.
Jesse didn't like Kendall so they brought misfortune upon Kendall.
Cameron got her first tattoo done today despite her parents telling her not to.
Aubrey made some breakfast for everyone that was in their home.
Casey maintained their power structure about being at the top of the big company.
Jesse was not able to keep up and Alex made the laws for him.
Sasha is an animal activist. One day they went to the zoo for an animal rights protest.
After finding out that Quinn had cheated on the test, Alex asked Quinn to borrow money to them because they had Quinn by the balls.
Kai sat on Ash's bed and told him that she loved him a lot.
Carson gave Bailey a seat on the train so that Bailey could get there.
Quinn needed money for the train, so Cameron gave Quinn a couple dollars.
Casey discovered Sasha's corrupt acts and informed the rest of the company, so Sasha resigned inside Casey's office.
Skylar grew their hair out and started putting it in a pony tail.
Jordan crashed their car.  Therefore, Jordan would be more careful next time.
Kendall was playing with their gun and accidentally shot it.
Bailey pulled Tracy's pants off in preparation for the child's bath time.
Skylar produced a sound to scare off the wild animal.
Taylor became the faster runner ever after training hard for the upcoming race.
Cameron turned their back on Jordan and told them they did not like them.
Sasha got home and took her dog for a long walk to get it some exercise.
While out hunting for Morel mushrooms, Carson got tired and flogged a log before plopping down on it.
Jesse rode a roller coaster right after eating a very large meal.
Jordan was playing basketball, and even though he was the best on his team, he controlled his ego and was a team player.
Alex wanted to earn a living doing what he likes and not what others wanted him to.
Robin came with Carson to the party.
Taylor spent a lot of time playing because they wanted to be laid back in life.
Austin has always been healthy such that he has never even used a cough medicine.
Aubrey thought Quinn was cute and winked at them in passing.
Kai answered the knock at the door wearing only their underwear.
Casey got their money's worth when they went grocery shopping.
Aubrey showed Bailey's appreciation for the thoughtful gift they received.
Alex learned the Addison is doing well after calling her to chat.
Ash and Remy won a large sum of money at cards. Riley attacked Ash and bore away Ash's share of the money.
Alex told Sasha not to go out with anyone that is a jerk.
Sasha took a back seat to everyone else, and never got to do it their way.
Remy kept her grades up by studying a lot after school.
Quinn always carried a cell phone when Quinn was not in the house.
Jordan contributed to Robin's understanding by taking the time to explain the situation.
Bailey was throwing a surprise birthday party for their friend Kai to show appreciation.
Kai visited me more often and started to come every day.
Tracy saved Taylor's soul by converting them to their religion.
Cameron was asked to clean the gym. Cameron fulfilled their duty.
Kai found a new friend and forgot all about their old friends instantly.
Ash never had a lighter, so Ash borrowed one from me.
Robin gave their niece money and waited for her to pay back the loan.
Jordan was joking and fooling around with their friend Carson.
Taylor sold Jordan's land for her asking price.
Austin read the words aloud to the audience at the studio.
Ash suspected Jesse was having an affair.
Carson needed toilet paper because they ran out, but Carson found a store nearby.
Riley gave Tracy candy in order to reward her for good work.
Aubrey came home to pick Quinn up from a long day at the doctors office.
Austin bought bread at the fresh foods store.
Cameron told Tracy they would take it even though their house was already overlowing.
Tracy gave Kai utterance about what they thought about the situation.
Quinn thought they could handle the mission and he was right.
Skylar obeyed the King's wishes even though she didn't agree with the King.
Alex lost all of his money gambling at the new casino in town.
Jordan was nervous for their big test so Remy kept their spirits up.
Riley understood the ambiguity around Quinn. It had been several months since Quinn had was released from prison and there were conflicting stories about Quinn's mental health circulating in their group of friends.
Bailey got a refund for the broken toy after opening the box and finding it in pieces.
Casey gave Austin an indication they were correct about their scientific theory.
Skylar was grateful for Robin's letter of recommendation and eager to apply for the position. Furthermore, Robin knew Skylar personally.
Tracy needed something else to put up for a bet in the game. Tracy bet their boots in a game.
Taylor noticed Robin on the other side of the room and advanced toward him.
Kai took Riley's kids with him since she needed to work and he had the day off.
Taylor made their purchases online in order to get some clothes for the party.
Ash liked to paint and create art and often used pictures to represent feelings instead of words.
Cameron carried the weights up the stairs because guests were coming over.
Tracy liked all their friends except for Taylor who talked a lot and drove Tracy nuts.
Jesse got evicted after not paying his rent for months.
Riley kicked Bailey when she was down just because they did not like them.
Kai invited the family to dinner since they were new to the neighborhood.
Lee popped the question after they had been dating for years.
Tracy lent money with interest to make a profit off of their friend.
Casey filled Sydney's heart with grief as she was going through a difficult time.
Remy asked Jordan to dinner to thank them for helping.
Ash loved the proposal anyway they thought about it because it was so romantic.
Ash justified the answer to the men who asked why they were being fired.
Lee collected the permission slips and sent them to the principal's office with Kai.
Alex baited his hook with a synthetic lure and threw it into the pond.
Jan told a funny story to Casey's coworkers while they were at work.
Quinn had new information of a crime so he brought forth the prisoners.
After watching the movie Easy Rider, Casey wanted a motorcycle.
Cameron, a very reliable friend, watered Sasha's plants free of charge while he was away.
Taylor put down the ingredients she was cooking with for a well deserved break.
Ash noticed he had a rash, so he put aloe on his skin.
Lee played the new game Austin got with them.
Bailey joined forces with the volunteers to help build houses for poor people.
The village was starving so Riley taught them how to fish and they never went hungry again.
Jesse bough a new one after breaking the old device.
Alex pulled pranks on their siblings often.
Sydney was worried that Kai was getting sick, so Sydney wanted Kai to stay home.
Carson asked Addison to forgive and Addison said that they would be happy to.
Jan peed on Austin's pants because she had drank too much during the day.
Austin cleared their throat after Casey asked them a question.
Riley estimated accurately the time of day and realized he was late for work.
Skylar called to visit Remy but Remy's mother was there too visiting Remy also.  Skylar could not be bothered entertaining Remy's mother.
Jan gave Kai's husband some money for his lunch this week.
Riley decided to make her own club after the bigger kids excluded her classmates.
Casey raised the bar and the others wanted to try and jump over it.
Sasha had a huge crush on Kai's friend but didn't care much for Kai.
Tracey was trying to ask Kendall a question at work, but Kendall would not answer.
Sydney was trying to steal from the dollar store, but Austin caught them red-handed.
Carson deleted their facebook account shortly before the final exams at university.
Remy got bad grade from school.  They showed it to their parents.
Carson caught Sydney speeding and wrote him a ticket.
At the end of their first date, Cameron gave Alex a peck on the cheek.
Carson was looking at his phone and found what he wanted to place an order.
Bailey bit on Riley's finger when Riley waved it in Bailey's face.
Addison took a test in class and was worried that she got a bad score.
Kai was a scuba diver so he laid beneath the surface of the water.
Since it was April Fool's Day and they were trying to celebrate, Sydney pulled a prank on Tracy.
Jesse was always the one to make the big choices in their life so it was no surprise when she was the one to propose to Kendall.
Cameron visited France because they were sick of going to the same places.
Alex reduced the water level so that the bath would not over flow.
Casey moved into a new apartment and wanted to have people over.
Kendall's see no one stepping up at quarterback and gives Casey a shot.
according to the article asha wanted to make the cake.
Carson assisted Casey in making dinner for all of the guests attending the party.
Taylor has taken up himself to ensure Kai study properly thus increasing his efficiency at school.
Taylor reached Alex's hand and hit it with his for touching the jar.
Sasha got her first car when she turned 16 and got her license.
Jordan had an interest in short stories at school, so they wrote a bunch of short stories for their English class.
Jan tried to comfort Carson with a welcome home gift.
Riley joined a club after school to learn how to play chess.
Bailey tried another way on how to solve the hard math problem.
Alex taught math at university so he could help them out.
Alex punched his boxing opponent hard right in the face during their match.
Robin drove the car home because Casey had too much to drink that night.
Avery was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex took a test and got a very good grade on it and told his parents.
Jordan looked high and low for his lost puppy but could not find it.
Riley was trying to get out of their country. Riley moved quickly.
Aubrey field the swimming pool with water so her kids could splash around in it.
Ash saw a wet dog in the rain and felt bad so he let the dog inside.
Quinn bought pills without prescription. He had a phony prescription made up.
Jan had a big project, all the work was in one room, so she allowed Austin access to the room.
Cameron put Tracy's arm around Tracy to help put her to sleep one night.
Kendall tried to stop their friend from doing something they would forever regret.
Jordan gave their dog a special treat for behaving well, and then something to play with.
Sydney watched television when they got home form work one day.
Sydney tripped and Riley poked fun at her.
Ash grew apart from their childhood friends as they grew older.
Casey felt hopeless and like their life would never improve.
Carson had a great time at the party dancing with his friends.
Austin asked their girlfriend to marry them after they had a heated argument.
Kendall refused to leave the house until Carson issued Kendall an edict ordering that Kendall leave.
Alex raised a lot of money for the charity.
Sydney always went home alone after going out to the clubs with their friends.
Jordan needed to make Tracy look at them, so Jordan attracted Tracy's attention by waving their arms over their head.
Bailey and Addison are best friends who drifted apart after Addison slept with Bailey's first husband.  Bailey has forgiven Addison but Addison still feels bad about it.
Ash went separate ways after leaving Addison's house and they both got something good to eat for dinner.
Austin told Bailey that he liked her a lot and wanted to date.
Jordan found a bag of free money on the bus.
Taylor gave a love note to a guy that was in her class.
Sydney put a pot of water on the stove to make fresh tea for the customers.
Tracy was supposed to study for a test but did not feel up to it.
Jesse told Carson where to shove it and that they could not be friends.
Alex had just gotten broken up with, so Alex drove quickly down the road.
Jesse contacted their friends to see if they wanted to go to a party that night.
Bailey decided they they would call their boyfriend and see if they could do something.
As Cameron's banker, Jordan did a good job and managed Cameron's money effectively.
Aubrey had seen tears in Kendall's eyes and went over to her to give her a hug.
Bailey felt Jesse needed help after she watched the car hit the pole and quit running.
Aubrey asked Riley to take charge of the children when she suddenly felt faint.
Alex started to scream for a few hours after dropping the ice cream.
Sasha wanted a hands on experience so she attended the workshops at the university.
Remy thought about it for a long time and chose his option carefully.
Emma was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Gabriel was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Remy looked the cat in the eye and saw that it was in danger of dying.
Remy finally called and gave the code to get in the house.
Sasha ate bread every single day after the surgery on her mouth.
Kai spilt Jan's drink but refused to purchase a new one or Jan to replace it.
Bailey used Ash's language and spit out some of his usual curse words.
Alex made eye contact with Sydney and asked her what she wanted.
Jordan waited for Lee to get back to work to tell him he was promoted.
Kai played a prank on the others after she realized they were planning one as well.
Skylar went to the dance alone and had a really good time there.
riley gave themselves a makeover so that others would find them more attractive.
Austin knew Robin much better than robin thought he did.
Aubrey got the money by robbing a bank.
Tracy had a creative idea and wanted to implement it. They produced another painting.
Tracy was responsible for putting up the school flag each morning.
Skylar met Alex for the first time and invited her in.
Quinn had put up their boots and turned on the heat. They called the dogs back inside.
Riley is getting married today and is hosting a big reception.
Alex is so excited about the good news that he is bouncing off the walls with excitement.
Addison felt a strange bump while driving. She checked Skylar's car for a flat tire.
Bailey decided to try out an exotic new recipe for dinner.
Jordan prevented Kendall's use of heroine because it was bad for her.
Casey went back to her hometown in a different country years ago.
Aubrey got with the program and did what had to be done.
When Skylar met Alex for the first time, Alex acted rude and condescending to Skylar.
Ash felt pretty good have he got a nap.
Carson was participating in a goal to raise the most for charity. Carson raises the most and wins.
Robin's interest in the game was felt by Jan so they asked if Robin wanted to play.
Skylar looked at the way Robin dressed and gritted her teeth.
Kai went to the mall to look for a piece of clothing to wear.
Tracy felt a lump in Austin's back when he came in for the diagnostic.
While working on the farm, Sydney brought a basket into the field to harvest vegetables.
Alex got hit by a bus and was severely injured.
Kendall asked questions so she could learn about their school work.
carson visited robin at her school so he heard her sing.
Kendall taught Alex's dog to shake his bootie in time to the music.
Taylor stirred men's wants after becoming familiar with their interests.
Alex never looked back nor did he regret anything.
Quinn attended to their business during the holidays, rather than being with their partner.
Jan rode a rollercoaster at the theme park for the very first time.
Jesse caught a man trying to steal a frozen turkey and was able to stop him and get the turkey back so it could be sold to a paying customer. He put it back on the shelf.
Jordan found Jan's slick back hair attractive, so he asked her out.
Bailey didn't know their speech so they were practicing it to themself.
Robin didn't want to see anyone drift apart because they had been friends from childhood.
Jordan did Sydney's hair and makeup and all Sydney's friends laughed at it.
Bailey was a good cook because she trained for years and went to culinary school.
Jordan hid weed from their parents after he found out the parents knew about it.
Sydney left Austin's room. Sydney had ordered Austin to clean it before she came back.
Kai was feeling ill lately, so Quinn made them an appointment with the doctor.
Ash was going to see their favorite band in concert. Ash got to see them back stage and got an autograph.
The plot of the movie was incredibly sad and moving, and really touched Austin deeply.
Aubrey left the classroom to get some more crayons for the art project.
As a survivalist, instead of bringing her own supplies on the family camping trip like her family does, Riley depended on nature to provide for her.
Casey tossed the drink back. They drank too much and too often.
Casey told his friend that he wanted to go to the game with him.
jan wanted to grow some tomatoes so she planted a garden in her backyard.
Riley showed a cat to their parents who were known for hating cats.
Aubrey made their living writing novels for their publisher over the years.
Although Lee was apprehensive about the new school year, they knew their friends would be there.
Quinn recovered the papers back after the wind blew them into the street.
Kendall put the tooth under Casey's pillow so the tooth fairy would visit her overnight.
lee protected them from competition because they didn't think it would be healthy for them.
Skylar saw what her friend was doing and Skylar thought is was cool.
Ash made some tacos for their family. Ash loved mexican food.
Robin asked Remy for Alex's number and remy gave it to him.
Ash was meeting friends at the movie and he arrived late.
Alex went to the mall with Quinn to look for some new clothes.
Bailey played a part in providing payment for the damaged goods she had broken earlier.
Carson accidentally fell on the sword and ripped open a big chunk of their leg.
Last Wednesday, Addison encountered a homeless couple asking for food or money.  Addison didn't have any money, but gave the couple the sandwich that was meant for lunch.
Casey was hired by Quinn to sell their car. Casey sold Quinn's car.
Kendall hid their face in their hands after they did something that was wrong.
Jesse is in the hospital recovering from an appendectomy.
Kai retook the test and did much better than the last time.
Kai has been cut from the team because Kai couldn't keep up with the other players.
It was cold out and Sydney and Taylor both wore mittens.
Jesse told Lee's story about his car accident and recovery.
Carson noticed no one else had food, so he shared his food with others.
Kai kept Kendall's hands at their sides since Kai did not want their son to touch the expensive merchandise.
Kai is a terrorist with access to a lot of explosives.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip and asked if he would like to join him.
Austin was so excited for my re me they couldn't sleep because she got the role in the play.
Skylar took the offensive side in the argument even though she didn't agree with it.
taylor asked the students if they had finished thier homework.
Ash ordered a hamburger the other day after his diet was finished.
Sydney knew they would be unable to care for it so Sydney gave away their cat.
Carson was bowling with friends and had lost another round.
Skylar was told a huge secret by a friend. Instead of keeping the secret, Skylar tilted Kendall's head back to whisper it to her.
Kendall performed their role well after years of acting classes.
Carson designed formats to make notes and was selling it to companies for a lot of money.
Kendall went places all day and seemed to never stop moving or looking to catch a breather.
Remy posted flyers around the neighborhood for the garage sale tomorrow morning.
Robin wouldn't stop kicking after her attacker choked her.
The general demanded to see the prisoners. Quinn brought forth the prisoners to the general.
Skylar threw a party for Sydney's friends. Sydney needed help and knew she could count on Skylar.
Sasha put a warm blanket around the dog that had found outside shivering.
Casey felt like talking to their friend so they decided they should call them on the phone.
Quinn visited her doctor after she fell down the stairs at work.
Tracy quenched her thirst with a cold soda from the bar.
Carson helped Sydney reach her goal of becoming a doctor paying her medical school tuition.
Kai also picked up a knife to cut her pineapple.
Alex had a son named Remy and wiped Remy's eye because it looked dirty.
Alex told remy their wants and they got some ice cream for the day.
Lee called everyone he knew and wanted to get their advice on the matter.
The longer time went on, Skylar got worse at the game because he was distracted.
Jesse dressed to kill for the interview for the position he wanted the most.
Lee rented a beach house for them and all their friends and partied all weekend.
Kendall looked all day and finally found her keys in the grass.
Robin took Kai home to play some video games for a few hours.
Skylar ate lunch with their family every sunday after curch and then go back home with his dogs.
Remy asked Jordan to dinner and Jordan said yes to the date proposal.
Casey determined the business' customer base by using data it had in its systems.
Despite being extremely nervous, Cameron asked Sydney out on a date this evening.
Bailey fell to the ground and then Riley kicked her when she was on the ground.
Jordan used Taylor's tools to help Taylor fix her broken car.
Robin knew that one of her friends was lying to her.
Needing some new ideas for the upcoming dance, Jesse asked them for suggestions.
Riley used up the last of Remy's sauce.
Cameron accidentally hit someone crossing the street, so Cameron drove away quickly.
Jan bought alcohol last week from the spirits store.
Riley accidentally put forgot he let the dog out and ran down to let him back in.
Sydney had a wonderful day, the weather was awesome.
Taylor tooted her own horn about planning to win the race by a landslide.
Skylar pushed forward to get in the front of the line but there weren't that many people there.
Sasha gave her mom the money, even though she knew if would just be spent on booze.
Kindle sign the whole class up for lessons to sing better.
Bailey guided Jan even more forcefully down the path when he heard the bears, until they were safe.
Lee was using Tracy's phone and Tracy asked them to give it back.
Ash ensured their safety after the children were lost by the side of the road.
Taylor saved the receipt from the store rather than destroying it.
Robin decided to say hi and entered into Kai's room.
Casey went exploring in China and discovered the philosophers secret.
Ash and Jordan have been in a relationship for 2 years and love each other very much.
Aubrey wasn't sure if she would meet the deadline, but Aubrey finished the novel right on time.
remy was a nice man so he invited aubrey's friend.
Addison saw her neighbor take a big fall from the ladder. Addison quickly called the ambulance from her phone.
After complying to Kendall's request, Skylar decided to eat a hot dog and fry a squirrel.
Carson joined their husband at the home supply store to look for new furniture.
Bailey rode the skateboard recklessly and did many dangerous stunts on it.
Lee brought Jesse a spare key to the house because you always need one.
Aubrey wanted to make a good impression with Sasha. Aubrey took Sasha's mom to lunch.
Jesse couldn't see all the animals in the zoo, she got closer and closer.
Addison sprung to life after they had been resting watching Tv.
Bailey read aloud a comic book to her children at bedtime instead of a regular book.
Sydney made Cameron accept their diagnosis of the problem that has been going on at work.
Ash's friend got in some trouble driving their car. Ash let their friend off with a warning.
Austin heard Casey speak about the report they gave that they got an A on.
AUbrey solved the problems with the syllabus by any means necessary.
Taylor laughed while taking a sip of soda.  This had an unfortunate result which she would feel bad about.
Casey wore men's underwear because they felt more comfortable against her skin.
Austin turned their body towards Quinn and asked them to dance.
Remy saw dust in Jordan's eyes and it made them very worried for them.
Sydney gave Addison a kick to wake her up because it was time to leave.
Austin saw the lady being robbed but decided to just walk on past.
Taylor played for hours on the playground with her classmates after school.
Addison asked Ash to get her something to eat, so Ash opened Addison's fridge and got out grapes.
Ash cast Robin's vote and the person won the election for the 5th time.
Ash sold Casey's house after they found him a new one.
Casey got anything they needed and the others were impressed with her.
remy was walking in the city by himself and found money by the sector.
Remy got an a on the test and he was so very happy.
When she heard a hurricane was comin Ash sought out a shelter to evacuate to.
Kai underwent Ash's operation. Ash was a master surgeon.
Kai made fun of his friend and his friend stopped talking to him.
Taylor became Bailey's best advocate even though it wasn't a popular decision.
Austin saw a man who needed help and they decided to help them.
Addison prevented the driver from gaining ground during the exciting race that day.
Alex sold a car to a friend after getting a brand new luxury car.
Kendal challenged their students with a contest to try and read more books.
Riley was accustomed to their parents ordering for them, but today Riley ordered food for themselves.
Tracy couldn't decide between going out to dinner or staying in. After checking their bank account, Tracy chose to cook at home.
Jan finished Skylar's work because Skylar wasn't able to.
Austin scored a touchdown and was so excited because that won them the game.
Ash drove to Cameron's house and nervous knocked on the door for their first date.
Sarah saved a row of baby ducklings who were almost hit by a car, in plain view of the others from her class.
Jordan dropped his phone under the couch when his hands were wet after washing them.
Austin's mom bought him new mittens and expected him to wear them. He was not happy.
Addison's dad is the coach of Sasha's softball team. Sasha wanted to practice her catching skills and prepare for the upcoming game. Addison's dad played catch with Sasha.
Robin was playing a game of lawn bowling with friends and rolled away the ball.
Quinn was playing a videogame with Alex, and Quin required Alex's effort to complete a mission.
Taylor told Alex he was going on a trip and that he wasn't invited.
Jan's friend Kendall was being bullied and today she saw that they gave Kendall a black eye.
Tracy always told Jan everything and Jan really appreciated the inside scoop from her.
Kai went hunting with a friend in the wilderness. Kai shot a deer.
Kendall was really good with kids and so Kendall decided to start a babysitting job.
Alex gave Lee's son love because Lee was not around.
Carson skipped rope inside during her recess class.
Aubrey got the money from the bank on the way home from work.
Austin went to the salon and got a bad hair cut.
Addison spent most of Skylar's time at the appointment asking insurance questions, and didn't get to the therapy.
Skylar changed Addison's place in the rankings for math team.
Remy read a bunch of math books and became an expert on it.
Taylor called Lee's mom to tell them about all the fights Lee was getting into with other kids.
Aubrey went to my friends house and told them all sorts of lies about me.
Cameron asked Jan's roommate to go to the play this coming Friday night.
Robin's father was known as a criminal, but Robin avenged their father's wrongdoing.
Remy recently moved and did not know many of her neighbors.
After pointing her middle finger at them, Bailey felt like a terrible person and a mean mother.
Sasha brought up their grades after working hard to study every day.
Cameron apologizes for playing a practical joke on Riley, explaining they thought it was funny but Riley refuses to accept the apology and storms off.
Remy's dad broke down yesterday and is currently at the workshop. So today, she had to walk to school.
Riley had a bad cough so they bought some cough syrup at the store.
Its Christmas time and Aubrey wants to make her family happy so she spent all her money with their children.
Jesse found a well paying job in another state and was moving. Jesse told their friend last night.
Taylor derived their opinion from the fact that they were usually correct in their assessments.
Carson was helping out with the soccer team and spent time listening to the opinions of the players as to what tactics to use.
Quinn brushed Ash's fingers and had to apologize for the accident.
Tracy fit right in with all the girls at the sleepover.
Jan owned a donut shop and made donuts for a living.
Wyatt was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron called Addison an idiot because of the decision she made yesterday.
Carson learned to sew to make their friend a dress. Their friend did not like the dress.
Jordan held their team together by getting some cheerleaders to cheer for them.
Cameron want to go to the museum opening but had no money for the admittance.  Carson paid for Cameron's visit.
Skylar went to the shop and bought a brand new car with some of his money.
Kendall drew inference about what Cameron was really like from how he acted at school.
according to the article Lee took the class.
Sasha helped those in need. They tried to show compassion.
Austin joined the king's advisory committee and outlines his plans for improvement.
Sasha called my friend to play some games at the local park.
Quinn made dinner at home for themselves and their family.
alex visited the zoo and saw many animals including an elephant.
Austin came back to Carson with a six pack of beer to drink.
Robin has an English test tomorrow so they prepared all night.
CArson was in the bathroom when it was their turn, so Taylor took Carson's turn.
Ash believed his ears and investigated the strange noise in their home.
Austin took Bailey to the doctor after Bailey kept coughing up fluid in the middle of the night.
Austin left the house immediately to go to the store to get some milk.
Riley hurt people's feelings, but they though people were just being overly sensitive.
Robin started school early and entered a grade ahead of her.
It was Kendall's birthday so for surprise, Sydney got all Kendall's friends together to celebrate it.
Remy grew tomatoes in her garden and enjoyed them in a salad.
Remy grabbed Bailey's wallet and started to run, but Bailey quickly knocked them down.
Cameron passed the course with flying color's. Kai takes Cameron out for dinner to celebrate.
Casey wasn't looking for a relationship, but met their future spouse at a bar one night.
Jesse was happy to be celebrating their birthday with a party today. Jesse was 14 years old.
Tiffany was moving to another apartment down the road. Robin came and helped.
Kendall wanted to get into a good college so Kendall read every day.
Sydney offered up their mittens when Taylor complained about being too cold.
Riley built Cameron's house after his original home burned to the ground.
Quinn was teaching Sydney math and Quinn asked Sydney questions.
Robin wasn't having any luck finding a job. Riley got Robin an opportunity at work.
Taylor visited Casey's family and they all talked about their life for the next few hours.
Alex got confused on the way home and had to go to a store for directions.
Taylor saved the patient's life his first day as a nurse.
Kai kissed Riley's shoulder after taking off their shirt.
Ash became very sad when he learned his grandma did not have much time to live.
Kendall brought Jesse's hands together in a spiritual awakening.
Casey became an Aubrey expert by studying Aubrey everyday for the past month.
Alex had a huge hole in their roof. Taylor fixed Alex's roof.
Skylar raised Jan's hackles when she stole his car.
Sydney loved Tracy to death and Tracy didn't care about Sydney.
Aubrey is always the first in the classroom. Aubrey raises their hand every time the teacher asks a question and says the teacher is right if there is a disagreement.
Jesse got a tutor for math since he had been struggling lately.
Carson got money from their wife in order to buy groceries at the store that day.
Cameron is a name that rolled off the tongue while Cameron's classmates all had funny sounding names.
Aubrey is Kai's academic advisor on Kai's PhD project and was getting ready to approve the thesis.
Remy was at the park and decided to go down the slide first.
Casey asked Jesse to tell the truth about what happened at school.
Kendall changed Casey's diet to cut a ton of fat and add more protein.
Carson sent Bailey's kids to boarding school because they would not listen to anything she said.
Taylor and Kai opened their own store in order to sell the pottery they make.
Bailey was in a very unhealthy marriage. Their husband hit her. Finally, Bailey filed for divorce from their partner.
Jesse took their girlfriend out to dinner, but they ended up getting into a fight and breaking up before the food arrived.
Quinn just had a haircut. They liked their hair.
Aubrey was so embarrassed when they were caught out stealing that the covered their face with their hands.
Tracy was the captain of the basketball team. Tracy led her team to victory.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office and told Skylar that they would be promoted.
jesse thanked bailey's mom for bailey's support because bailey wasn't around at the time.
Aubrey took his child away because they were neglecting the child.
Skylar got new glasses after renewing their prescription at the doctor's.
Robin was playing a video game and enjoying herself very much.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office to see if they could make a deal.
Ash gained weight after losing their job and getting very depressed.
Others had been out all day long playing in the yard, but it was getting dark out, so Bailey called them back home.
Sydney had been anxiously anticipating and planning for the surprise birthday party. Sydney made it special for her because it was her 50th birthday.
ash had a sick puppy so she called the vet.
Skylar needed extra money so they stole Bailey's watch and sold it.
Bailey attracted several inquiries by offering sold out concert tickets priced well below other tickets for sale.
Riley realized that she could afford anything she wanted to buy.
Taylor rolled Sasha's eyes to make a point of the situation.
Jan's previous website domain was sold to others and Jan decided to launch another site.
Carson believed that President Trump should build the wall on the border.
Riley returned to the store to return the shirt that didn't fit and find a different one.
Austin wanted to serve his country and get an education. Austin decided to join the military to do it.
Kendall found happiness in life by getting a burger with a lot of fries.
Robin saw a Broadway show and was inspired to see many more.
Kai bound Bailey with a large roll of duct tape after Bailey tried to kill him.
Kendall said she did not want to go to the dance.
Jan took their date to lunch after playing games with friends.
Alex was an astronaut when Austin grew up and inspired Austin a lot.
Alex never looked before crossing the street and got hit by a bus.
Even though Jordan hated parties and didn't feel like going out, Jordan went along to get along.  They didn't want their friends to get angry with them.
Riley was taking a spelling class and spelled the word apple correctly.
Casey is baking an entire wedding cake from scratch. After mixing up the batter, Casey put the cake in to bake.
Alex helped Ash in every way so that Ash could graduate from high school.
Quinn was setting up his house to throw a party.
Jesse and Robin's gang were at war and alot of lives were lost but Robin finally surrendered so Jesse spared Robin's life.
Bailey stopped in front of Riley and asked to talk to hik.
Lee was Quinn's lover for many years, but had broken up a few years ago.
Sasha took him to Vegas after he told her it was his dream to go.
Skylar wishes she could take a vacation to Paris.
Jesse made Robin's costume for Halloween because Jesse wanted to teach Robin a life lesson.
Tracy went to the new store and it suited their taste.
Taylor got Bailey an abortion when she came to the clinic.
Quinn got a puppy, she let it outside a lot.
Taylor rolled in the grass and avoided their mom Sasha's eyes so they wouldn't get in trouble.
The other students were struggling with the assignment and understanding the written instructions. Despite being busy with other work, Cameron used their skill to help.
Lee had said something offensive to someone online and began to see mean threats online.
Robin twirled around in surprise as she heard a familiar voice call out her name.
Lee taught science for years and had a natural aptitude for the subject.
Remy grabbed Bailey's wallet and went to the store to buy some food.
Sasha gave Aubrey a bad look after they took the last piece of cake.
Cameron was respected at their organization and they were Addison's best friend. Addison mentioned Cameron's name because Addison wanted to work at the same organization.
Ash was going to take the baby to the park for the day. Skylar put the baby in Ash's car.
Bailey raised a fund to support children in need in their local community.
Ash gave Jesse the chair. Jesse had been standing for hours.
Riley brought Taylor forth and awarded him the first place trophy in the tennis tournament.
Ash's kids were fighting over a toy. Ash settled it peacefully by giving them each a toy.
Kai waited for the other shoe to drop off their foot before walking indoors.
Tracey saw Kai across the room just standing there. He was looking out the window, scared.
Casey hired an attorney named Aubrey when their husband filed for divorce.
Bailey was going to a wedding and tried hard to look her best.
Sasha wanted to have some fish for dinner so she went fishing for the day.
quinn was jealous that kendall never married her so she killed kendall's wife.
Jordan provided with Tracy a service project for extra credit.
Austin had a dental appointment but because he had to take in an extra client, he had to reschedule his dental for the next day.
Sydney stabbed herself in the back when she fell backwards into a cactus.
Ash made possible the promotion through her hard work.
Ash sent their son to the store to pick up some milk for the cake they're going to bake.
bailey saw the instructor ask who wants to go on the field trip, so bailey raised quinn's hand.
Jesse sent their permission slips to school timely and filled out perfectly.
Robin jumped rope, but wasn't very good, and often got tangled up.
Skylar flew the kite around the sky at the park on a nice day.
Aubrey took Robin's money from her purse last night when she wasn't looking.
Jesse bought a present to her friend Sydney that Sydney had been asking about for a long time.
Kai exchanges insurance information with them in order to stay in contact.
Jesse had another baby and felt she really couldn't look after it.
Kendall was always teasing others and it made people very angry, so when they were together, Sasha acted in a Kendall like manner to teach Kendall a lesson.
Samuel was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
lee needed to confess to something so he tried to call tracy.
Jordan wanted to be educated about trans rights, so Robin gave Jordan a book to help them understand.
Sasha needed some assistance with a project she was doing for school.
Bailey developed Quinn's interest in reading. They bought many books together to read.
Skylar asked Ash if it would be cold outside this coming week. Ash said no.
Taylor got the car back from impound after the police caught the man that stole it.
Carson and Sasha are bitter rivals who are competing in a game.
Kendall sold Skylar's jewelry at the price she wanted to get for it.
Jordan produced some big projects annually for the big company.
bailey was a new student so she wrote a paper for addison's english class.
Taylor granted Riley permission to dance one time with a friend before going home.
Robin helped every one else do their job at work.
Addison put Jesse' hands on Jesse's hips and asked him to stand still so she could sketch him.
Riley used illegal drugs all the time and got addicted to them.
Robin brought his car to the mechanic because the car was making a strange noise.
Casey rushed to their car tonight in the rain without a jacket on.
Skylar had basketball practice but decided to take an exam first.
After letting the dog inside, Ash had to clean up his house and get extra food.
Tracy obeyed Skylar's order to stay back and not leave.
Lee gave a key to Remy so she could get into her home.
Carson got quiet after the show because it gave them a lot to think about.
Sydney did an excellent job today on her presentation that she prepared for all week.
Austin grinned back at Bailey when Bailey smiled at him.
Alex got scared on the way home and didn't go alone anymore.
The electric bill was overdue and Lee had missed a payment. Lee paid the electric bill before it was shut off.
Kai caught Remy in the act after walking in on them.
Remy threaded the needle and made a big and blue quilt to showoff.
Riley gave Kendall a notice that she had a bill due soon.
Jesse spoke to Tracy about a political cause that they support and was intrigued.
Carson rubbed Casey's back after they complained about having back pains.
Kendall had a cold that seemed to be developing into something else, so Jan took Kendall to a doctor.
Carson read books so they could understand people better. They increased their value.
Cameron thrust upon Taylor and tackled him in a fit of anger.
Jesse stopped the presses when they realized the new was fake.
alex was skeptical so he called the number.
Jordan accidentally smashed Jan's iPod so Jordan gave Jan a new one.
Remy loved to dance whenever there was any upbeat music playing.
Skylar waited at the door for their package to arrive.
Cameron prevented them from reaching over the side of the steep drop off.
Carson had a headache and wanted some quiet. Skylar gave Carson peace.
Alex fell in behind Carson in line for lunch.
casey was a religious follower of the sirius radio station so he stays tuned in 24/7.
Alex shook Carson's hand slowly and agreed to the deal next week.
Taylor decorated his Christmas tree with many ornaments that were shiny.
Remy made a huge difference to the team because of their work ethic.
Addison made lots of money yesterday during the heat wave when they sold cold bottled water at a high mark up.
Aubrey was turned into stone by a Gorgon. Then, Aubrey was shattered into pieces.
Remy wanted to go hiking yesterday but their shoes were uncomfortable and they needed new ones.
Carson felt contractions and the doctor told her to head to the hospital.
Skylar tried to compliment their sister but it didn't come out right.
Sasha told Quinn they could meet each other later and go to the park.
Alex was hungry so he decided to make some eggs for himself.
Addison was feeling lucky that day so she decided to buy a lottery ticket.
Having gone through so many difficult times together during their long journey to freedom, she finally realized that Sydney meant a lot to Sasha.
Jan gave Austin employment as a tow boat operator in the ocean.
Skylar saved their father's watch for safekeeping after he died.
Taylor thanked God for Carson helping him move to a new apartment on short notice.
jordan brought them together so that they could have sparks fly and fall in love.
Riley pulled out his concealed pistol and looked the robber straight in the eye.
Carson worked to rule the school as the new principal.
Jordan was going to get dinner for the family.
Remy was looking a piece of jewelry and was unsure about it. Remy asked Tracy thoughts on it before buying.
Sasha took Robin along to the movies to see the latest blockbuster.
Quinn left their money out so Jan put it away.
taylor saw the person was annoyed so he dropped the topic.
Ash was a builder and was planning on developing a new housing estate so to show investors Ash build a model to explain the shape and type of the homes.
Robin was getting married to their new husband last weekend.
Bailey missed school and had a test but they would make it up.
Austin never wore suits and showed up at work in shorts.
Taylor maintained their integrity by not insulting their enemy after the defeat of the team.
Kai waited for Robin to round the corner of the wall and then scared her.
Jordan wanted to go to the movies and gave his friend a ticket.
Kai hired a safety inspector.  Kai protected workers from harm.
Kendall kept themselves on their toes when trying to do their chores.
Jordan's wife has been vomiting most mornings. She tells him she has a big surprise, the two have wanted to start a family.
At lunchtime, Quinn still had a lot of work to do, so they put money into the vending machine and got a sandwich instead of going out to eat.
Robin took a test and felt confident that all of her answers were right.
Casey gave their friend the benefit of the doubt after hearing her side of the story.
Lee brought the story to a conclusion despite the others wanting to hear more.
Aubrey took Kendall to the hospital when he found her with a broken leg.
Casey was a writer. They wrote another novel.
Ash wanted to get a good grade on his paper. Ash examined the paper closely for any errors.
Jordan produced a lot annually even when others were unable to.
Remy pressed the on button because he needed to use the computer.
Taylor is trying to clean out their house of extra clutter.
Aubrey sat down on the couch and watched their show.
Carson and their three buddies lived together but after Carson stole from the landlord, Carson was evicted from their apartment leaving the others still there.
Ash offered Riley a ride and Riley ultimately accepted the ride to her home.
Sydney was playing a game and focused hard on the ball in the hands.
Sasha answered the hotline phone well after being trained by the supervisor.
After spending weeks carefully picking out a gift, Alex gave it to their mother.
Alex learned the teachings of the church and eventually led their family to Christ.
Jesse told Kendall anything she wanted to know.
Sydney was camping in the forest with Kai and was in charge of the map. Sydney lost their way and they were both stranded.
Jesse went in Sasha's room last night to play video games with them.
Alex saw Kendall's boss.
Riley had been planning a surprise party for Austin's roommate and their mutual friend.
Aubrey went and bought a new blouse because she wanted to dress for the occasion.
Bailey wasn't feeling well and spent the day in bed. Skylar went to check on Bailey.
Aubrey is obsessed with health and fitness, but today Aubrey was short on time so they ate fast food for lunch.
jesse was curious so he asked sasha if she liked the show.
After a long day at work, and an hour on the bus, finally, Jan reached their home.
Quinn had washed their hair and were tangled. Sasha combed Quinn hair.
Robin came back from work and began making dinner for her family.
Kai's dog had gone missing and Quinn wanted to help find it.
Alex saw a movie about scary monsters that human beings for a snack.
ee laughed together with their mother when they all watched the movie.
Kendall would not take no for an answer when they were together at work.
Remy pushed the plate too far and it fell off the table and broke.
Sasha required Taylor to pay their part of the bill after dinner.
A homeless man came into Cameron's store asking to use the restroom. Cameron asked him to leave.
Riley brought Quinn forward towards the stage to perform the final act.
Bailey managed the patient's nutritional intake so that he could monitor it carefully.
Riley showed the college to their parents to try to persuade them that this was the best college to attend.
Riley was a fan of the bible and would tell others about it all of the time.
Lee had done a hard workout. Lee was tired.
Jan was paying Robin's traffic ticket for no seat belt. Jan paid Robin's fine in full.
Sasha was having so much fun playing with their puppy.
Casey raked the new wood logs over the coals.
Addison had been studying the game of chess with Kai for a few months, and was playing Quinn in a game, and Addison got Quinn in Kai´s trademark trap.
Carson was trying hard to beat the level of his video game. Carson eventually made it to the next level.
I asked everyone if they could find my keys, but it was Kendall who found them.
Sasha got the lawnmower out of the garage so she could mow the yard.
Kai was walking down the sidewalk and when the accident happened, they saw it up close.
Kai went back to the hospital to see their friend and cheer them up.
At the annual Halloween festival, Jan let Bailey have another try at the ring toss game when she just needed one more point to win the big stuffed bear.
Addison used fire to keep warm while they were camping at the park last winter.
Ash was very open with their friends and was always will to express feelings.
Kai played fetch with Jan, whom they adopted recently from the shelter.
Alex took Quinn away from an abusive home after Quinn reported his situation.
Jan went to Addison's friend's house for a big party after they were done with work.
Cameron got some money from their friend and spent it on some trinkets.
Jordan didn't do well on the test Kendall gave them so Kendall helped them study and they did much better.
Remy cleaned the kitchen and finished cooking dinner.
Sydney meant a lot to Sasha and got a diamond ring to show the friendship.
Cameron interpreted the response in a bad way because he was dense and stuff.
Jesse threw open the door and stormed outside after the argument.
Casey taught Cameron how to do their work in case of an emergency.
Jesse was glad to begin working at their new job that year cause it was close to home.
Quinn worked as a cashier for his first job to get some experience.
jan considered the paper in detail and thought that overall it was not very good.
Sydney was faster than the other kids in school. Sydney would show off by running rings around the others.
Sasha needed to fix her refrigerator and Lee solved Sasha's problem.
Jan knew Taylor's arms hurt from rheumatism. Jan washed Taylor's truck for them.
Sylar liked to drive and wanted to go on an outing.
Quinn was accompanied by Sydney's wife to the theater. Their husbands were friends but it was their first time hanging out. They had a great time.
Casey was thirsty, so they poured themselves a glass of water and took a sip.
Cameron met up with their friends to play football at the park, they stayed there all day and Cameron had so much fun playing with their friends.
Lee eliminated every factor and finally found the answer through deduction.
Taylor came clean to the police about all the murders they had committed and said they did not feel a thing.
Lee was doing a magic show and pulled a rabbit out of their hat.
Kai had spare change and wanted to make a wish by throwing a penny in the well.
Quinn opened Kai's eyes slowly, trying to determine if they were responsive after the overdose.
Casey drew Skylar's attention to the fact that they were out of gas, in the desert, and miles from a cell tower.
Austin boarded the train on their way to the big city.
It was a bitterly cold and snowy day. Tracy wore a dress anyway.
Addison leaned toward their crush Kai and kissed them gently on the lips.
Ash cooked dinner for their girlfriend and it turned out great.
Robin decided to be generous and let Bailey's friends spend the night.
Ash knew that Jan was low on funds, so she lent her the money to pay for groceries.
Remy was at the grocery store with their toddler and ran into their mom and dad. Remy was so tired she left the kid in their hands and went home.
Cameron gave every book away. They much preferred digital media.
Jordan went out to eat on his date and ordered a steak.
Bailey peeked inside. They were very curious what was behind the curtain.
Austin left in a huff after they were kicked out of the meeting with people.
robin was gullible and naive so she got back together with him.
Carson pulled the keys from Jordan's coat pocket and drove off in the car.
casey wanted something sweet so he started baking cookies.
Cameron did their job well and got a promotion from their boss.
Tracy was careless.
Kendall drew a mental picture to imagine what Skylar could be seeing at that moment.
Taylor was a fair king, when his best soldier died in battle he laid his crown down on his thrown.
Aubrey told Carson what to do when working on the car.
Remy gave Casey a lot of items to pack, since Casey was much better at packing.
Lee was at a casino and trying to gamble to win some money.
Skylar left my phone at home after I asked him to grab it off of the dresser.
Austin begged and begged until he was punched in the face and told to shut up.
taylor was looking to help others all the time so he gave alex a ride home the other day.
Riley was due to arrive tomorrow but their ship had come in very early so Riley had time to kill.
Austin topped oneself after making the best cake they have ever made.
Kendall sat at Jan's desk and searched through the drawers.
Cameron went to a party with his friends and had a great time.
Cameron locked the door behind Taylor after Taylor threatened him.
Riley thought Sasha would win the spelling bee in school.
The waves were getting bigger but Jordan stayed afloat on the raft.
Ash trained very hard to do well at an upcoming athletics event.
Jesse drove to the lake and went down to the shore with his fishing pole.
Austin was late in paying their credit card bill.  Austin paid the fee.
Lee started the day late on the first day of Lee's new job.
Casey prepared a document and presented all the information to the parent.
Casey was playing in the yard with her jump rope and pogo stick for many hours.
Sydney saw that Addison was very busy and got her lunch for her.
Austin called their dad for help when the dryer was broke.
Kendall wasn't sure if she was going to make the team. Skylar ensured Kendall's success with more practice.
Riley has been trying to win a gaming tournament each year for the past 3 years but always came up second place.
Skylar cost a lot as a private detective because she had a unique set of skills.
Addison read the map carefully. She was pretty good at reading maps to be so young.
addison was good at talking to people so he decided to put it in another way.
aubrey was looking in the grass and found jesse's phone.
Carson's computer was running slow more days than not. Carson wanted a new computer to fix the issue.
Tracy was going to win a big prize if they were able finish in first place.
Ash expressed Kendall gratitude after they had a long talk.
Sasha participated in her school's sport competition and was the first one to finish the 400m race.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of pants but the pants were too small and looked strange.
Jan wanted to raise money for her school so she went door to door selling brownies.
Cameron pulled to the side of the road and put on the flashers.
Quinn met a new man they liked.  They decided to have a romantic relationship.
Austin killed another deer while out hunting with the others.
Quinn decided to get a new haircut.  Their hair was too long.
Aubrey used some of their construction funds to finance the repairs to the roof of the school building.
Cameron didn't like the look of the food but he decided to try it anyway.
Bailey asked Casey's neighbor for help when she was dog sitting and accidently let the dog out.
Jesse assisted the students in developing a rocket to enter in the contest.
Cameron was about to give a speech at their brother's wedding, so Cameron gathered everyone together.
Lee was careful of what he was doing and finally came within the scope.
Alex required practice on his part of the play because he kept forgetting his lines.
Taylor put the pillow behind Skylar so that she could see the TV betteer.
addison preached loudly to the captives so that they would be inspired to rebel against their masters.
Sasha went overseas to negotiate and meet with the country's leader.
Evelyn was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Alex served Lee's apprenticeship papers for him before the first day.
Alex fraudulently took money from welfare and received a letter from the government.
sasha drove his mom to the hospital so that others could relax and not have to do anything.
Sasha took her daughter to the bathroom in order for the daughter to relieve themselves.
Carson took a few days off from work to unwind.
Alex's boyfriend didn't know how to make a fire while camping. Alex walked over and made a fire for her boyfriend.
Aubrey decided to wage war against Skylar and would not relent at any cost.
Robin didn't know what to get her niece for her birthday so she gave her some money.
Tracy liked playing sports and being active. They played football with their friends.
taylor was over at his friends house so he played movies on their computer.
Bailey found Kai in the audience and waved at them with a huge smile.
Kendall whispered Casey's name while they were in class.
Jan left Riley's keys inside the house when they were about to go out.
Tracy wanted to go on vacation so she visited Canada.
Sasha was at home grading papers and drinking coffee. The coffee spilled and Sasha made a mess of their tests.
Quinn took Carson's idea for the project in their class.
Tracy was looking for love in all the wrong places.
Alex told Remy wants to his best friend.
Kendall sent their son out for groceries while they cleaned the house.
Robin made Kendall deposit her check every time to pay the bills and car off.
Robin decided to introduce his girlfriend Kendall to the family at Thanksgiving.
Riley's husband was asking Riley to go to a swinger party together. Jan made Riley object to the idea due to the concern about HIV infection.
Addison had a concert soon and had to practice every day.
Jordan didn't want anyone else to hear it, so Jordan whispered a secret in Alex's ear.
Austin was having difficulty keeping track of all of the subjects.
Bailey needed to have their house painted and their roof replaced.
Casey saw a car accident and provided the officer with information.
Riley beat back the crowds so she could see what was on sale.
After Jordan found her leather back, Jan gave him a monetary reward and bought him a puzzle.
Robin wrote a very long paper and then read the word that they did.
Skylar was very descriptive when she told Alex how they felt.
Quinn wanted to see the world and took a trip across the ocean.
Ash applied himself and studied his hardest so he could graduate with a good degree. Because of this, when college ended, he became successful.
Sydney also gave Ash grief when she find out Ash´s mom has passed away last sunday.
sydney was told that she was wrong so she got really angry.
In order to push themselves harder and prove to Remy that they could do it, Aubrey reached Remy's goal of raising $200 for charity.
jordan was sick so he could barely get out of bed.
Austin tried had to protect themselves from heartbreak by avoiding relationships.
Remy sold Carson's old car at a good price so he didn't have to himself.
Taylor got Jesse into trouble for breaking the rules in class.
There were already a hundred people outside the concert, so Aubrey waited in line impatiently.
Cameron tied Lee's shoelaces to keep them from tripping.
Remy was terrified of flying, but Taylor allayed Remy's fear by telling them how safe it was.
Remy wasn't sure if they could cross there since there was construction. Remy asked the worker about it.
Jesse squealed with joy when they opened the surprise package.
Robin felt his oats to make sure that they were cooked all the way.
By taking the abandoned raccoon litter to the veterinarian, Sasha saved the mother's babies.
sasha saw that benjamin was an idiot so she took advantage of that fact.
tracy was tired of being mislead so she told jordan what she wanted.
Aubrey got a new job and was finally able to pay rent.
Sasha determined Aubrey's customer base, so she can get a better understanding on what to sell.
Skylar realized that they lose their study guide and asked to borrow the guide of a friend.
Alex saw the light at the end of the tunnel and started worshiping the good lord.
Even though Jesse was having a difficult day, Jesse faced every challenge.
Quinn stared angrily at Addison for a moment because they lost against them.
Sydney got home late after partying all night with their friends.
Sydney turned their face away from Jordan because Sydney didn't want Jordan to notice them.
Lee eliminated every factor before figuring out who the criminal was.
Bailey had some clippers and was giving Addison a haircut. Bailey shaved Addison's head.
Tracy had never been outside of the United States before, so Tracy visited Canada.
Quinn met a new man they liked and started to ignore the others.
Aubrey was moving to another city and had some friends over. They had a huge party.
Aubrey always paid rent on time, and never had issues with the landlord.
Jan performed the dance well until they tripped and sprained their ankle.
Sasha was covering at work for Kendall but hated and quit the job.
Lee made a little extra money and decided to get some extra burgers and fries.
Kai played professional basketball before a knee injury ended their career.
Sydney led Riley back to safety in order to save him from the flood.
Jordan had been avoiding Quinn, but Jordan came near Quinn last night.
Carson was ridiculed by others. Carson was the first to make a scientific discovery.
Sasha entered Kai's house to deliver and install a new dishwasher.
Skylar always bought too much food so she thought about sharing it with her neighbors.
Robin cooked her oats and sat down with the bowl and some orange juice.
Alex celebrated a birthday with Carson and they both had a fun time.
Skylar never used slang. Skylar grew up where slang was uncommon. Skylar never picked it up. Now Skylar is trying to learn.
Jordan spent some quality time with them but then they got into a fight.
Quinn was away from home. But, after six months in London, two months in Paris, and three grueling weeks on the ship, Quinn would soon be back in familiar surroundings.
Quinn changed three times because she couldn't decide on what to wear that night.
Kendall bought a new purse at the store after browsing for a while.
Skylar wanted to buy a new laptop.  They ordered it online.
Remy left their bed because it was hot and they were getting sweaty.
They found the sea level was getting high and they were going to drown.
jordan wanted to be disrespectful so he spit on the dummy.
Robin treated their grandparents well and the others were impressed.
Austin pulled Taylor closer to get a better look at the bump.
carson knew casey was overwhelmed so he helped her make reservations.
Bailey tossed the ball. They weren't very good at it.
Ellie was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Sasha watched movies on netflix after recently buying the subscription at a discount.
Kai grabbed Casey's purse and headed to the mall to take it to Casey.
Lee sent chills down Casey's spine recounting the story of how he came to be hospitalized while vacationing in Taipei.
Sydney turned Jordan's face away from the wreck when the flames started to flare out.
Riley viewed the lesson in terms of a moral and got a lot smarter because of this.
Sydney asked their friend to the prom knowing it could alter the course of their friendship forever.
Remy was feeling lonely so he decided to invite his friends over.
Sasha prepared the closing statement and presented Tracy's case at the courthouse.
Jan told Cameron what she did not know, which is a secret that no one knows.
kai played a big part in skylar's life because they had a lot in common with each other.
Aubrey calmed down and helped Jordan regain composure after the devastating event.
Addison checked under Skylar's car to see if it had any problems on the muffler.
Austin bought a watch and gave it to a friend that he cared a lot about.
Skylar made the right decision and broke up with her boyfriend.
Cameron gave Robin satisfaction in their relationship because they care a lot for them.
Jordan applied for a competitive position at a law firm. He told Riley he hoped for the best.
Remy threw a dinner party for her friends and nobody showed up.
God provided Alex with two cars and a house. Alex gave thanks to god.
Sydney thanked God for Sasha's  assistance before undergoing a chest surgery.
Adison knew that something was wrong with the kitten, so Addison fed the kitten with new food.
After failing to comprehend on her own and having to hire a tutor, Sasha spent a bunch of money studying.
Cameron heard good things about the restaurant. Cameron ate at the restaurant that night.
Riley saved her injured dog by using the local vet to stitch up the wounds caused by the car.
Skylar told Alex how they felt about the party that they were throwing.
Cameron assessed the patient's heartbeat after the surgery was completed and they were in the recovery room.
Kendall followed the doctor's advice.
Addison couldn't keep their boyfriend's secret from their friends and was ashamed.
Addison took Jan's husband to the big play and it was very nice.
Aubrey became separated from the group, yet was still with them.
Alex allowed his friend to enter the home as long as he took his shoes off.
Riley stood around while Sydney talked to everyone but Riley at camp.
Taylor improved the patient's mindset by telling them their illness isn't serious.
Sydney cut Sasha's nails, since Sasha isn't able to because they are a dog.
Alex was the new kid at school and Lee helped make them popular.
Ash put aloe on his skin to heal his burn.
Carson heard the song that played years ago at their wedding.
Addison bought a gym membership because they wanted to be healthy.
Riley is looking to adopt a kitten. Aubrey has several kittens to choose from, Riley picks her favorite and takes it home.
Skylar swore before the judge and jury to tell the truth.
Tracy rushed towards Lee to make sure Lee didn't get injured during a slip and fall incident.
When Bailey learned that Aubrey was rejected by the college, Bailey offered to spend the night with Aubrey and buy their meal.
Getting ready to leave for the trip, Lee packed Jesse' suitcase with two of everything.
Skylar asked Sasha out to the movies and Sasha said yes if she could bring her boyfriend.
jan was a awesome person so she played jordan the best music in history.
Jesse took first place in the competition that was fierce.
Jesse produced Austin result successfully after they helped them on the test.
Addison kept Remy company because Remy did not know anyone at the party.
Riley distributed the money evenly among the others when he won the raffle.
Casey was worried when the train started to shake but they made it to the stop and Casey got off safely.
Taylor saw what Jan did and told them what a good job they were doing.
Remy had a great time at the movies, and got to catch up with some friends during the previews.
Kendall told Jan's brother about Jan smoking weed behind the bleachers during games.
Ash loved her very much. They were a close couple.
Ash was tired of always having to be the one to step in so she let the fight get started.
Jordan lost their hair. It was a genetic disorder.
Bailey brought an offer to christ that she hoped would make things better for her.
Addison lived in their home. They loved their home very much.
Kendall had always been afraid of bikes but finally learned how to ride one.
Alex got off work earlier than expected and went to see a movie.
Carson went to Remy's room and woke her up for school.
Jesse pressed Alex's lips against theirs and sank into their warm embrace.
Ash ran a red light because she needed to get to the hospital as soon as possible.
Amelia was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
jan considered the plan in detail to see if there were areas that could be fixed.
While cooking a meal together, and chopping vegetables up, Riley accidentally cut her friend.
Kendall knows she must always take her kids to school so she drives them to school everyday.
Addison knew Robin owed them money. Addison got to see Robin at work.
Cameron saw Casey this morning and told them how much they cared about their friendship.
Remy the cat almost fell off of the chair Alex was sitting on but Remy held onto Alex fast.
Taylor saved the patient's life when she did the surgery.
Carson worked hard to become a basketball player. Carson was kicked off the team by their coach.
Kai ate better today because he didn't eat so well yesterday.
Sasha got great grades on her exam because she studied almost every day.
Kendall took all their allowance and went to the casino.
Jesse really wanted to go to Florida. Jesse saved all year for the trip.
Robin recently became unemployed after leaving a bank. Riley got Robin a job opportunity.
Skylar ran smoothly through the course and wound up winning the big prize at the end.
Ash called all Cameron's friends to come join him at the party.
Kai did not feel good about their new haircut and felt self conscious.
Jordan wasted a day. They will never get that time back.
Cameron provided instruction to the children on how to act during a fire.
Cameron ran amok in the store and had to be stopped by security.
Tracy called the class back in after she got ready for the testing session.
Kai built Carson's nest for the baby birds that spring.
Taylor put the pillow behind Skylar so that Skylar could try to relax and take a nap.
Riley began another relationship after being in a long-term broken relationship that was soul sucking.
Riley threw toilet paper all over their house and yard on Halloween night.
Robin transmuted the bad outcome into gold after the troll killed her father.
Quinn is spending down the highway, because he is trying to lose the police car that is behind him.
Kai wore headphones but they broke into multiple pieces suddenly.
Sasha is going to a new school and is very artistic. She volunteers to help decorate for prom.
Quinn spoke Sasha's language after taking two years of classes and much studying.
Carson played a game on their phone and got the high score on the game that day.
Quinn bought the stuff Jan needed and left it for her on her bed.
Kai needed help on a test so Taylor gave them advice.
Austin was turning forty and didn't have family so Alex threw Austin a surprise party.
Robin took Addison's  sick cat to take it to vet  becasue Addison was out of town.
Ash bragged to all their friends that they had managed to make tons of money.
They rope was slipping through their fingers during the game of tug of war, so Tracy told Jan to take hold.
Addison filled Jan's mouth with old whipped cream that was expired.
Taylor got the note back with sensitive material and thought that it probably should be destroyed.
Riley left immediately after school was over that day.
Bailey dropped their wallet on the ground Remy grabbed Bailey's wallet.
Austin was Robin's new baby and they gave Robin a reason to succeed.
Sasha did a lot in their spare time and made a big red car that was very impressive.
Jesse sat at a table with their friends and played a game of cards.
Lee rushed upon Quinn's house, excited to get there for the big party.
After making a deal and almost signing with one company, Riley accepted another offer.
Sasha went to the park with her father after he picked her up from school.
Lee decided to play a sport and played baseball after school.
Sydney helped water Quinn's plant while house sitting during the week of Quinn's vacation.
Sasha laid her hands on his back as he relaxed on the bed.
Taylor was playing Pictionary with friends. Taylor used their hand to explain.
Kai finally saw the light after they rounded a corner in a tunnel.
Kai took the test in 20 minutes, even thought he knew all the answers.
Austin was having a party. Austin invited all Ash's friends over.
Riley gave Tom a hug after they got broken up with.
Lee knocked the baseball out of the park at the first game of the year.
Remy had been acting suspicious all morning, not answering Quinn's questions. Quinn demanded that Remy answer.
Kai broke one of her legs during a serious car accident.
Quinn lost their mother after she had a heart attack.
Austin ate no carbs for a week straight and then went to the gym.
Alex learned that Addison is doing well in school after Alex tutored her.
Cameron was pretty bad because he broke the vase that was a family heirloom.
Carson and Bailey got along great and became very good friends with each other.
Bailey brought the dog outside earlier today during the nice weather.
Alex invited everyone around and had a party at their house. They all sang and danced the night away.
Kendall paid Sasha's cable bill and also bought her groceries.
Bailey was having a blast chasing Carson around the yard on the summer day.
Robin bought too much salt at the store.
Sasha ordered a pizza from the historic brick oven restaurant.
Robin felt around in the cupboard for oats and got some fruit as well before she went out for her morning run.
Sydney presented an overview to Bailey about the homework she missed.
Skylar buries Jan's head in a different location than the body to make it hard to find.
Jordan likes to bully people at school. Jordan hung louie by his underpants on the flag pole.
Carson rode around town searching for something fun to spend their time doing.
Jan started to ring the bell to let everyone know dinner is ready.
Lee went and talked to the lady who was weeping.
Remy held Skylar's meetings at the office but had to have this one at home instead.
Quinn, while playing with his new toy, accidentally broke their mother's favorite vase and quickly tried to buy a new one.
Riley was going to spend the night on their couch, so Lee gave Riley a blanket.
Riley raised their hand at school and tried to answer a tough question Casey asked.
Austin reached their goals and decided to celebrate by inviting everyone to a restaurant.
Carson was discovered hiding in the wardrobe by Lee. Carson provided Lee with an explanation.
Cameron kept Skylar busy until it was time to leave for school.
Kai went to Ash for an operation, and underwent the new procedure Ash had developed.
Remy needed to tell Austin the results but knew they had trouble controlling their emotions and asked them to remain calm.
Cameron left early in the morning and still wasn't home yet. Cameron was gone forever it seemed.
Cameron gave Carson his shirt back after washing it twice but still the stain didn't come out.
Robin was planning to move overseas and needed to clean out the house. Aubrey came over to help. Aubrey sold Robin's clothes on eBay.
Alex was an awesome bouncer he always managed to keep the crowd under control.
Ash was found guilty of committing a crime against Sydney.
Alex taught math at university because they were highly qualified to do so.
Austin found two huge rocks in the yard that he just bought.
Alex entered a karate tournament and she defeated all of her opponents.
Aubrey said nothing to Kai about his affair because She wants to have advantage at divorce court.
Jesse took a plane to france and had a nice vacation.
Casey was getting ready for winter and cleared all water lines outside.
Robin got bored with their surroundings and eventually packed up and moved to another city.
Bailey paid him to support the underdog candidate who had no chance of victory.
Bailey found a note  with mean things about her written in it.
By losing the pawn, Remy gave a big lead to Kendall in the match.
Sasha said they would send the package tomorrow and the package was sent in that time frame.
Addison found her family at home and they were quite safe.
Remy showed Aubrey respect and listened as they taught the class.
Bailey made Sasha's blood boil with a few well placed words.
Lucy was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Aubrey was taking a film class, so she made a film with her friends.
Even though it was one of the hottest days of the summer Casey decided to go on a hike.
Sydney was starving and ordered a sub to be delivered to the office for lunch.
Taylor and Quinn had not known each other long but they began a quick friendship.
Sasha prepared a large dinner and found out they weren't coming. Sasha had expected company.
Addison paid the rent forward for three months after getting paid.
Even though Robin specifically asked her not to, Jesse made Robin's costume.
Bailey asked Casey's neighbor if they wanted to go to the movies but Casey, Bailey's best friend, wasn't invited.
Sydney tried to get an answer from the perpetrator but got nothing.
Casey felt like talking during the long presentation.
Jordan gave birth to a perfect baby girl after waiting patiently for 9 long months.
Remy liked Austin and asked them out to a dance later that week.
Austin called Riley's back wide and made fun of him a lot.
Skylar shopped around for weeks for the best deals and he finally stumbled upon a special one day sale so Skylar ordered the TV online.
Kendall gave the person a reward for working hard on the job.
Kai's mother told him to go clean the pool.  Kai threw chemicals into the water.
Taylor stirred the men's desire by batting her eyes at them at the bar.
Robin owns an arsenal of automatic rifles, which he intends to use on others.
Alex called Quinn's father to ask for help on their science project.
Robin started school at noon. They wanted to make good grades to get a good job.
Remy saw lust in Jordan's eyes and became alarmed when Jordan started to move towards them.
Addison discussed with her co-workers these events in detail to move forward.
Kendall ate one banana and it surprisingly was enough to satisfy her hunger.
Ash dumped Addison for another person and Addison was devastated.  Addison saw Ash at the bar with the other person and Addison wanted to go to Ash.
Jesse didn't say anything after their teacher asked them a hard question.
Looking to free himself up from the burden, Skylar chased Carson away.
Alex made a deal with Lee to never be angry with him.
Jesse drew Casey back from the table so they could go play their game.
Riley recently become a Big Brother and he taught the child how to fish.
Needing to have the difficult conversation immediately, Bailey took Quinn aside to talk.
Taylor didn't know where to go on the trip so Taylor asked the students.
Jesse always believed in being honest about everything. Jesse told it like it was.
It was time for Dinner and Jesse decided to cook.
Robin gave Sasha a welcome and hugged her for a good minute.
Sydney took Robin to the emergency room that night because something serious happened.
Jordan went along with what everyone else wanted to do to get along.
Taylor lost track of time, not realizing that she had been playing pinball for hours.
Taylor made Kai attack the other team so that he could come behind and make a sneak attack.
Cameron rode all the rides at the amusement park because her friend dared her to.
Remy made their hair stick up in the air.
Jesse had a good laugh when he was home.
He had been cooking all day, when she arrived, Austin pulled her chair out and also grabbed a drink for her.
Carson took in Aubrey's sense of style.  Aubrey helped Carson to dress properly.
Jan drove home from work one evening, though she usually walks home instead.
Sydney kept the kids apart by having one of the kids in the kitchen and the other in the living room.
Kai was walking beside his mom's grocery kart. The cart wobbled and most of the groceries fell out. Kai helped his mother pick them up.
During the marathon, Addison waited for Jan to run by then Addison filled Jan's mouth with water.
Sydney maintained their independence from the parents and took care of themself.
Riley was looking for an activity that would get her exercise and decided on ballet.
Quinn was planning a surprise party for Jordan and needed to trick Jordan.
Tracy made tacos for dinner using a brand new recipe they found on the internet and loved them.
Riley also bought a book about self help and was eager to start reading it.
Remy left their keys behind because they were only going to be in there for a minute.
Sydney stayed home all day today in order to prepare for the upcoming test.
Carson found Aubrey's bike in the Garage and asked Aubrey if they could ride it.
What did Kendall make for their lunch? Sandwiches or salad.
Kendall opened the door for Ash because she had been knocking for 5 minutes.
Bailey practiced the video game long and hard and finally reached Skylar's highest score in the century.
Sydney sent everyone a message that she was already at the county fair.
Jan was really fun to play with and they all wanted to play with her.
Bailey saw that a fitness routine worked for Remy and thus decided to try it.
Quinn was starting to like playing different kinds of sports. Bailey developed Quinn's interest in sports.
Quinn saw Aubrey's article in the paper and thought is was very informative.
Tracy wanted to hear that for the last time before bed time.
Lee raised and lead armies. They are a good leader.
Austin invited all of Ash's friends over for a surprise birthday party at his house.
Jordan brought themselves and anchored into the looking chair by the window of the boat, looking out at sea.
Kendall asked permission to leave and was denied despite having to use the restroom urgently.
Sasha was supposed to go to New York with me, but she missed the flight.
Kendall earned money to support their child, and soon they were able to buy them a present.
Riley spread rumors about Robin and got Robin fired from their company.
After they broke up with their boyfriend and lost their job, Aubrey moved back home to live with their parents.
Lee took Alex's time away from an important project to talk about a personal matter.
quinn's car stopped on the highway so they brought it to the mechanic.
skylar taught cameron so much about the homework that cameron got an A.
Jan decided to be forgiving and gave Bailey another chance.
Jordan lost their job to their competitors because of not performing up to standards.
Carson bought a new musical item at the store and played it.
Tracy and Ash were hiding from their children. Tracy talked to Ash under the table so they wouldn't be found.
Jesse retrieved their luggage and then left the station right away.
robin received her first shipment of drugs and measured the weight accurately.
Taylor gave Lee's son presents for their graduation party.
Kendall had really missed their little brother Quinn.  He was so glad to see him.
Tracy suited their tastes to the tastes of others so they could fit in.
Casey was my childhood friend and my former girlfriend at high school.  Casey met my wife for the first time.
Taylor increased Kai's efficiency by giving a ton of training sessions.
Robin wanted to make some snacks so they made some sugar cookies.
Taylor explained everything to Ash. Afterwards, Ash broke down and cried bitterly.
Austin took Cameron's measurements in order to make a suit for them.
Taylor went fishing with their father and they had a great time and caught a lot of fish.
Robin expressed interest in Jordan due to their shared interest in basketball.
cameron was a teenager with a large sweet tooth, so he wanted some candy.
Tracy asked Austin's family over for dinner for the first time since they started to date.
Lee went to a comedy club with their friend and laughed the whole time.
Bailey put on an add in the newspaper and the internet for a client he had been working with.
Kal had to put his dog down at the vet's office.
Jesse told Cameron to calm down; the root canal procedure would be over soon.
Carson felt contractions two months earlier than her due date.
Tracy did not like them that way and wouldn't let Casey kiss her.
After breaking up with an abusive spouse, Alex never looked back.
Jan bought a wedding dress that was too small. After months of dieting, Jan tried the dress on the night before their wedding and found that they fit it well.
Remy disagreed with Aubrey but wanted to show her some respect.
Casey wanted to be class president and decided to throw her hat into the ring.
Sasha made decisions for Remy which positively impacted his future.
Remy gave Skylar anything that she asked because it was her birthday today.
Before the big exam was to be given out to students, the teacher, Riley ran tests so that the students knew the material.
Quinn beat Jesse's friend hard at their wrestling match the other day.
After getting to know each other for a few months, Carson started dating Aubrey.
Casey booked her trip to the Caribbean and started counting down the days until she left.
Kai slept right through their alarm this morning. Kai arrived to class late.
Kendall prevented Sydney's attempt at soccer goal and won the game for the team.
Addison was sure that the battery was dead but when she jumped it she got a small charge out of the battery.
Taylor increased Kai's efficiency at school buy teaching them good study habits.
Jan drew a diagram to the fact. It all made sense now.
Sasha wanted to be promoted and took a shortcut by sleeping with CEO of the company.
Addison wrote a letter to Skylar explaining the situation to them.
Aubrey bought Casey a pair of pants but didn't know if it was the correct size.
Riley got popular after the contest that she did really well on.
Austin looked Sydney straight in the eye to see if she was lying to him.
Tracy got ready for work and decided to take the shortcut through the woods.
Jesse's smoking affected Casey's health and Casey had to spend a week in the hospital.
Jordan returned back home after a long day at work.
Casey met with a potential employer about an interview for a new job.
Robin treated him well because they wanted them to feel good about themself.
Casey finally stopped asking why after everything everyone said.
Alex conceived a child with them even though they used protection.
Cameron took time out of their day to play poker with their friends.
Riley was a kindergarten teacher who had a side gig as a stripper downtown.  There was a picture of her on the front page of the newspaper.
casey broke a leg and was crying really loudly.
After ringing the school bell, Carson sent the kids to the assembly.
Aubrey had skipped breakfast that morning before work. It was later in the day and Aubrey was getting hungry.
Casey wanted alcohol to drink at the super bowl party tonight.
Ash hated to get dirty. Ash laid down on the bare grass for the first time in their life.
Lee's son was feeling unwell.  He had a stomach ache.
Bailey called their sibling back home to tell her the news.
Aubrey fell to the floor and began laughing because of the situation she was in.
After learning about the drama at work, Riley told Austin what was going on with the faculty.
Robin ordered hamburger at a restaurant. When the waitress brought the hamburger to Robin's table, Robin noticed that there was no salt shaker. She approached the counter and asked the waitress for a salt shaker. The waitress gave Robin the salt. Afterwards, she took the salt back to the counter.
Quinn ate another sandwich after looking at the clock.
Kendall was proud of Jordan's work because she knows how hard he worked.
Skylar heard fear in Jordan's voice after they told a scary story.
Alex called Quinn's father to see if they could help with a science project.
Austin saw a funnel cloud on the other side of town. They tried to avoid it.
Riley ate their cake and had and big slice of pie too, even though they were on a diet.
Kendall felt sick to her stomach and went to the doctor's office.
Sydney took their mom to the carnival and the others joined them in eating funnel cakes.
Sasha plays on a baseball team and, hoping to win, went to the team's first game.
Tracy spent all week practicing and when the competition came they won with ease.
Riley served another portion of the pie to the others after dinner.
lee needed to get to school so he rushed to get ready.
Alex began to get ready to do the dishes. Alex rolled up her sleeves.
Riley had anger issues and her family asked her to find a therapist.
Bailey took the final step after three tumultuos years and filed for divorce.
Jesse grasped Addison's hand as they were on their date.
Casey avoided doing his chores and homework until it was too late to complete it all.
Ash baked a pie for Thanksgiving and brought it to his girlfriend's place.
Lee sold Cameron's goods after he agreed to pay her a commission.
Remy went bike riding after fixing the chain on their new bike.
Quinn was accompanied by Sydney's wife to the much anticipated ballet last night.
Cameron rubbed Taylor eyes because Taylor's eyes looked dirty.
Sasha was the most responsible girl in high school. She ran the school store. She did all the school's business. She was never paid.
Ash got a praise from their organization for the job well done.
Remy is Tracy's fashion designing boss and when a contest was announced, Tracy's application was sent to the contest.
Kai extended some credit to their friend Lee and gave them a month.
After Bailey saw the sad tv commercial from the international charity about the orphans affected by the disaster, Bailey got their wallet and picked up the phone.
Cameron gave much time to helping the homeless clean up their living areas.
Lee made Addison sacrifice her dignity in return for sparing her life.
Kendall always liked Halloween and so decorated her home for it.
Lee went to the movies with Riley's friends. They had a great time.
Not wanting to go to school, Austin cried all the way there.
Jesse got good grades and celebrated with a giant slice of cake.
Marcy and Ash spent time together before he moved to CA.
Kai took Casey to school then drove to the store for groceries.
Alex told Robin to leave the room so that she would not see Alex throw up.
Sasha threw the fish back because it was too small to keep.
Jan taught Casey's children in college for the past 4 years. They had become best friends after that.
Jesse did a better job than all of his older coworkers there.
Ash made a trip to the store every week to get special bread.
Addison lied through their teeth which made everyone distrust her even more.
Kendall was trying to explain something to Skylar secretly. Kendall gave Skylar a wink.
Although he had been having a difficult time getting good grades all semester, towards the end, Riley turned things around.
Cameron got up on the wrong side of the bed after staying out way too late the night before.
Sydney was eating dinner with friends. Sydney became uncomfortable when the subject of politics came up.
Austin wasn't able to leave home, so Skylar got Austin's ice cream for them.
Carson was a very good student and also went the extra mile for everything in university.
Kendall was so hungry that she ate all her fried chicken.
Lee raised and lead armies onto to victory and got a lot of land that year.
Skylar went for a walk in the park today and stayed for a long time.
Sasha had had enough of the bullying and pressure in their job so then went to Casey, the boss and resigned insdie Casey's office.
Carson led Jan's life from the moment they were born until the moment they died.
Riley traveled far to reach it and finally got to climb the mountain.
Riley met Carson's expenses because they knew Carson couldn't pay their bills.
Tracy came home early from work, and found her friend Kendall at their place even though she was supposed to be working that day.
Jordan let out a sigh of relief after their friend volunteered to help with the work.
Even though they were reminded several times to get there early, Ash arrived late to the wedding.
Bailey joined a soccer team and did their best to score some goals.
Carson had to bake a cake for tomorrow's dinner, so he made it in his spare time.
Quinn attended their business needs. Quinn filled out order forms and answered questions.
Riley and Quinn tried to make some cookies with a recipe that was handed down from generation to generation.
Robin returned to their seat at the movies after getting a snack.
Skylar worked for a towing company and had responded to Sydney's call.
Casey's car broke down but her suitcase was inside. She had to carry it very far.
Sydney took a taxi to the sporting event with her friend.
Riley had anger issues but learned how to control themselves.
Addison knew someone that could bring it over to the house.
Bailey decided to hire a new employee and put up an ad in the local classifieds.
Ash moved far away but stayed in touch with her friends.
sydney was a mean person so she broke their glasses.
Remy took money to their mom so they could pay their mortgage and keep their house.
Remy called the employee into the office to fire her for bad work.
Jordan examined the item closely and thought she should buy it.
Jesse and Casey sat around talking about Jesse's anxiety about work. Casey made some good points and helped Jesse make a plan to succeed.
Austin influenced people's ideas. He was very good at this and loved the fact that he could influence people.
Sasha got another cat and was trying to decide what to name it.
Alex formed Sydney's whole essay and was ready to turn it in for them.
Tracy saw a bug crawling on the ground. Tracy tried to pick it up.
Sasha saw Cameron play the championship basketball game.
Sasha, who was paid on Friday, had been saving up money to purchase her new shoes.  She was going to go out clubbing and wanted to impress her friends.
Sasha told Quinn to meet them at the park to talk about the big game this evening.
Sydney is playing a competitive game of Monopoly with friends. They have but are cut throat at winning. Sydney beats their friends.
Carson lived a block away and was almost home when he saw his friend playing basketball.
Austin spend money to buy supplies to make his treehouse the best he could.
Robin raised their hands in protest and the crowd stood behind and cheered.
Lee was planting vegetables in the garden. They finished their work.
Alex was able to keep the fire under control until the VFD arrived.
Carson pulled the football away and throw it somewhere far.
Kendall devoted their day to the study that they were doing on animal behavior.
Addison asked them what the problem was because it seem there was a problem.
Casey lost Jan a lot of money by suggesting a stock that ended up falling.
Skylar created Alex's index for him so that he wouldn't get fired from work.
Jordan wanted to confirm the movie time with Taylor so he called her grandparents and asked to speak with Taylor.
Jordan called Taylor's grandparents and wished them a happy anniversary that day.
jan's children did not know how to speak so jan put their thoughts into words.
Kai admired the hard work that Ash had done on his painting.
Riley and friends were having fun playing in the street and decided to play races so Riley raced their friend and won.
Robin brought the accusation to trial when the neighbor blamed the damages of property to Robin.
Addison is not very nice and said some mean things about her classmates.
Tracy charge her cellphone up fully and then went to a party with Lee's friends.
Ash was very busy all ady and shed light on the problem.
Casey suits Jan's tastes and after all of the interviews have been conducted she decides to offer her the position.
Jordan told Bob that they would take them for a drink if they won.  Jordan held up their end of a deal.
Casey adopted a kitten and noticed something was wrong.
Tracy worked hard all week, she had to work side by side with a new girl.
Taylor really liked Tracys new homemade blanket so much, they exchanged words, and made on offer for Tracy to make a new one.
Jesse learnt to play a musical instrument so he would have a hobby.
Jordan immediately went pee when he finally got to the destination.
When the town had their independence day parade Carson drove on of the trucks.
Austin thought it was cute the trick their friend played on them.
Jesse took their boyfriend to the restaurant to have a date.
Tracy purchased a new mouse to play games on her laptop.
Aubrey was driving when she suddenly got a flat tire. Aubrey decided to pull over and check it out.
Jesse was hard at work every day for the last year. Jesse needed to take a vacation.
Aubrey saw Kai's friend when they went out to the store.
Addison hugged their mom after not seeing them for over a year.
Sasha was going to die soon so she gave her money to Ash in her will.
Taylor got his friends in trouble by telling on them when he got caught.
Carson was missing for 48 hours. People were looking everywhere. Carson called home.
As it is the norm, Lee rode the bus to school.
Addison went somewhere and partied for a few hours and drank some beer.
Quinn went out to the bar one night and was having a good time. Quinn had too much to drink and couldn't walk.
For the first time since he was little, Jordan went to ride go karts.
Quinn got bullied and had to train on ways to defeat the bully.
Austin expressed their willingness to cooperate with the police to find the murderer.
Not looking where she was walking, Ash stopped in Lee's tracks.
Quinn brought forth the prisoner to be tried for treason today.
After getting everyone dressed and packing their lunches, Aubrey sent their kids to school.
Kendall held Robin close at the party which made her feel happy.
Ash squeezed Quinn's hand when they realized they were scared of heights.
Jan supported their children with their sports and extracurricular ambitions to the fullest extent.
Ash was sitting around the fire pit and only a little fire was going. Ash added gas to the flame to really get it going.
Aubrey was mad at Alex for cheating on her. Right before Alex had to go to work she threw his keys in his car, locked the door, and slammed it shut.
Taylor reached for Alex's hand to hold it and accidently hit it.
Lee served Austin's purposes at work and got thanked for it.
Cameron wore every piece of jewelry that they could to the ceremony.
Kendall had spent the past 8 months away with the military. Riley looked forward to Kendall coming home.
Robin asked Jesse to dinner because she had a crush on him.
Jordan lent Addison a lot of money. Addison promised to pay it back before Jordan's rent was due. Addison doesn't pay it back and avoids Jordan.
Without much success, Addison tried several things to get the stain out of her new couch.
Remy went across town to a pizza place and bought some food.
Taylor crawled before she walked by learning how to make spaghetti before souffle.
After a long day working at the job-site, Alex caught dust in their eyelashes.
austin was robin's favorite son so she provided austin with a home to live.
After getting several harrassing calls from unknown numbers, Remy got a new phone number.
Bailey went for a run early in the morning and it was hot. Bailey got home and felt thirsty.
Remy wanted his kids to play sports, but they were only interested in the arts.
Needing to know about the threat, Riley read Casey's thoughts.
Carson issued Kendall an edict in regards to the school rules.
Lee gave Remy the key to their brand new apartment in the city.
After giving the alumni speech, Robin got a standing ovation.
Jesse was mad at Kendall so they took Kendall's clothes.
Casey tied themselves to a doll and the two of them sashayed together.
Since Remy needed help getting their book published quickly, Taylor was appointed to act as Remy's agent.
Jan was at Taylor's house and wouldn't stop harassing their dog. Taylor kicked Jan out of the house.
Jan wanted bacon for breakfast but she was all out of it.
Lee went to the store to buy some items to make a good breakfast.
jesse got into a fight with a gang so he lost jordan's car keys.
Kai got back to sleep after they heard a loud sound at night.
Cameron and their brother had been arguing with each other all day, in front of others.
Kendall trained for many months but he was the last one to finish the race.
Riley was always looking in Jesse's direction when they got changed in the locker room.
Sydney did not like the religion their family had chosen. Sydney changed their religion.
Quinn shares a room with a roommate in dorm and Quinn left trash everywhere.
Ash was really happy when he passed the test.
Sasha asked Carson a question because she wanted to understand why he didn't want to go with her.
Robin baked cookies all day and then go ready to decorate them.
Kai was telling lots of stories and quoth Kai a peculiar story about birds.
Quinn never looked at what they got for presents before they opened them.
Jesse stood in the gap and had to get out by dinner time.
Jordan was jealous of Carson's new paints. Jordan used Carson's array of paints without permission.
Jordan was hungry and curious so they tickled an epicurean itch.
Tracy drew attention to the fact that they hadn't had dinner yet.
Jordan adopted Kai approach to the test when he took it.
Kendall waved back to the stranger. It can make the difference in a person's day.
Sasha needed to run a quick errand and borrowed her brother's, Austin's bike.
robin wanted to be the greatest chess player so she practiced everyday after school.
Cameron quickly grabbed the blanket when he saw the dog about to jump on it.
Carson and Cameron were playing pranks on each other, so Carson filled Cameron's shoes with dirt.
Remy told Kendall they would give them the advantage if they race them in the yard.
After being promoted to a new position in the organization, Ash bragged to all their friends.
Cameron whispered a secret into Jan's ear as a playful gesture.
jan set tracy's mind at ease by saying comforting and kind words to tracy.
Tracy carried a tune while driving home from work.
Ash loved playing soccer and he won many matches as team captain.
Jordan found his friends later.
Cameron rolled away on the ground to get away from the people.
Jan bought a new ring for her best friend to show her appreciation for her.
Sydney scratched her itch after she caught poison ivy when she was camping.
Jesse baked a cake for the bake sale and it was bought right away.
Skylar drove a car for the very first time after obtaining their driver's license.
Jan was driving home and saw her driveway. Jan turned into the driveway.
Sydney got separated from the Others and was not seen for hours.
The others ignored Sasha, but Jordan brought the ball to Sasha's end of the court.
Carson took Ash to see the movie. It was their first date.
Cameron gave Austin some time to think about ideas for the party.
Tracy made it home in time for the game after getting the pizza.
Robin cleared Kai's mind when she was very stressed out.
Sasha was mad at Stacy so they were no longer friends with each other.
Kendall had money and decided that they would go out and buy a boat.
Lee developed student's cognitive awareness. They helped the student learn.
Lee and Alex disagreed on a number of issues. Alex made war with Lee.
Cameron was happy with their purchase because of the high quality.
Kai let Carson fight the bully alone.
Austin had went to a all-night party the previous night, so he spent all afternoon sleeping.
Remy sat in the coffee shop and drank some coffee that he needed for energy.
Addison wasn't sure what to make of the painting. Addison collected Casey's thoughts about it.
Taylor raced Skylar's friend down the hill and tripped on a rock.
Carson had to present their case before the class and asked for support from Tracy.
bailey felt powerful so she decided to quit her job.
Sydney made Cameron's remarks seem foolish at the dinner table.
Bailey tore Remy's dress away from the thorn bush just to be mean.
Jesse enjoys staying active but is forced to spend their day sitting down in a business conference.
Addison was trying to show Kai how to knit, so Kai watched Addison closely.
Tracy found Kendall at their place and asked Kendall to leave immediately but Kendall refused.
Robin felt the pain of the poor people very acutely and intensely.
Ash was not able to go home for Christmas.  They asked Casey to deliver their message to Ash's parents last week.
Jordan sunk into Jan's teeth. She lost two of them in the process.
Jan is a bully at Kendall's school.
Casey had a lot of chores to do for their family.
Jan gave Kai a gaze from across the ballroom floor.
Quinn had gotten a new job at the factory and began working next week.
Carson and Quinn were dancing, and Carson ground their hips against Quinn's.
Remy is Carson's realtor, and he managed to sell Carson's house at a very good price.
Alex is a construction worker. They can not work while it rains, so today they ended there way very late to make up from the lost time last week.
kai was surrounded by gang members so kai had to fight his way out.
Jesse had given a fantastic lecture on the topic that was very convincing, so when Lee discussed the topic later, Lee used Jesse´s analogy.
Remy was coming i second to Tracy until they picked it up to Tracy's pace.
Kendall was recently hired and was assigned a new project, so she asked many questions in the office meeting.
Since the hill they were riding down was incredibly steep and long, Kendall lost control of their bike.
After spending all day at work with her dad, Riley learned something new.
Robin received Kai's letter in the mail on Valentine's Day.
Carson invited Tracy to lunch but Tracy refused and went to lunch with someone else.
Robin gave Sasha a welcome and hugged her when she saw her.
Sasha was very shy and had never had many friends. She decided to join a few after school clubs and get involved in basketball and now she has made many good friends at school.
Riley and Sarah was eating lunch at their favorite Mexican restaurant. When Riley saw their boss and hid behind his drink.
Jan told her friend that she liked her and wanted to be friends with her.
Lee fought Sydney when they were at school and hurt her very badly.
Jan pulled Kendall's hands because they just had a serious argument.
Robin felt that Kai was a threat to the business.
jordan and me went on dates all the time so she took me out to eat.
Quinn love the view of the beach from her hotel room.
Alex tore Ash to pieces when Ash presented a demo for the new product.
Skylar told their friend that they did not like them a lot.
Jordan made quite an effort and was able to see Bailey three times.
Tracy asked Lee to give it back when Lee took her favorite sweater.
Quinn got ready to go to work and had lots to do.
Skylar was constantly picking fights and disobeying the rules. Sasha decided to not be friends with Skylar anymore.
Sasha knew the rent was due tomorrow so asked Taylor for their share. Taylor gave sasha the rent in time to pay the landlord.
Sydney drank a bunch of water after the game she played.
Remy finally called her friend after escaping the storm.
Remy laced Tracy's fingers. Remy didn't know if Tracy would want to hear the news.
Skylar was hanging out with their niece. They played with hula hoops until they became fatigued.
Kai gave Austin back his school books after Austin stopped screaming.
Remy was in a hurry to get to an appointment. Remy passed the other car quickly.
Taylor improved the patient's health by making sure he took his medicine on time every day.
Skylar had always wanted to be a dancer so they turned it into a career.
After studying hard for many weeks, Quinn aced the test.
Riley had not been feeling well all morning and was running a fever.
Cameron wanted to make a fruit smoothie. Cameron put bananas in a blender.
Jan put Quinn's money in the bank to make sure she stops spending the money for the university.
Kendall reached another level in their training after practicing hard for months.
Riley imposed their choice on others.  Riley was very controlling.
Taylor went fishing at the lake with friends.
Skylar became stuck in traffic and missed her meeting.
Jan and Bailey had a horrible first date, but Jan gave Bailey another shot.
Jordan found Jan's wallet and wanted to give it back when they got home.
Tracy carried Alex umbrella to keep them both dry in the rain.
Skylar saw what Jordan could do on the courts when given proper motivation as they had done.
jesse had been making others mad so he spent the night sitting by himself.
Ash offered Riley a ride to the store to get some groceries.
Kai kept Kendall's hands off of them after Kendall got a little too forward.
Skylar told Alex how they felt about the upcoming election and who to vote for.
Skylar went to the ball and had a great time with her date there.
Robin was watching a movie and let loose a big laugh.
Tracy as the elder brother was tasked by his mother to get Kai home from the park.
Addison found Casey's belongings scattered around the room carelessly. it was annoying.
Kendall tried to tell Remy to break up with his girlfriend if he's not feeling it.
Kendall took us all to the museum so we could learn new things about technology.
Bailey watched the news all day at home so they could stay informed.
Casey gave Austin an indication his guess was correct when he seemed unsure.
Austin took measures to protect themself against Cameron.
Carson carried Sydney's wishes into effect before the funeral and reading of the will.
Austin got another job to supplement his small income.
Tracy pressed upon Austin more responsibility even though Austin already had a lot to do.
Jesse sent their kids to school and had the rest of the day to themselves.
Lee was spending time with their friends from out of town. Lee took them to buy food.
Kai bought a new pair of shoes after shopping all day.
Kendall took the kids to the museum today and it was a really nice day.
Kendall was riding their bicycle to school after missing the bus.
Robin had the weekend off and wanted to relax. Robin decided to watch a movie at home.
Sasha and Riley went to the same school. Sasha told Riley's mom hello.
After years of thinking he was dead Robin finally met their father.
Tracy was standing along the sidewalk alone and asked Austin's family for a ride.
Skylar called someone on the phone and talked about their big day.
Riley was fed up with the camp they were at, so Riley established another camp.
Ash used an x to represent the treasure and showed the map off to the others.
Ash wound up cracking the screen because he was out of control and had behavioral problems.
Sydney brought an umbrella because it was raining hard all day that day.
Remy and Aubrey were competing against each other in a high school wrestling match.
Bailey was not that upset when she was dumped by her boyfriend earlier.
Aubrey used wood in their construction so it would last a long time.
Sydney had to study for final exams and work. Sydney felt overwhelmed.
Sasha left the business, and Sasha finally felt happy.
During the debate, Skylar took the offensive side to argue.
Aubrey turned around and saw their friend looking at them strangely.
Quinn bought some milk and arranged all the other ingredients she needed to make dinner for guests.
Carson got out the measuring tape and touched it to the hem of Robin's garment.
Bailey put Cameron to sleep because it was the child's bed time.
addison persuaded her to take it and work wtih her at her company.
Cameron had lived such a short life and endured so much suffering, but the illness had finally taken their life, and now Cameron was gone forever.
Jordan was scared to swim from fear of drowning. He tested the waters before jumping in.
Remy got a new girlfriend who he liked a lot and spent all his time with.
Robin and their friend got together to see the new movie.
Addison checked Skylar's car for a flat tire and noticed the car was leaking fluid.
Cameron was shy. Cameron whispered in Jan's ear so that no one would hear and laugh at him.
Taylor placed her hopes on the throne by having the opportunity to marry the prince even though she was not in love.
Sasha told their friends a secret that Jan had told them and wanted them to not tell anyone else.
Quinn did a really good job on the car by cleaning it very throughly.
Carson decided to cross the road after checking both ways but was still hit by an hit and run driver.
At the qualifying race to move on to the statewide finals, Kendall was the last one to finish the race.
Kendall held the door open but thirty people came through and she found herself stuck at the door.
Taylor never paid any attention to the road while they were driving their car.
Skylar would always have all the latest video games ready. Skylar sounded like fun.
Skylar went to the store and bought some items for the party he was having.
Cameron opened Taylor's eyes to the injustices that minorities suffer.
Riley gave their baby the wrong type of food at lunch time.
Sasha spent time with their kids. Because Sasha is good around kids and parents trust her.
Kai passed Casey who was acting weird for some unknown reason. They wondered about them.
Tracy was being hard on Ash and talked him out of it.
Taylor told my friends about a party they were having.
While in the restroom, Alex made sudden eye contact with Sydney.
Skylar used Jesse for other purposes when she found out Jesse was not smart.
Carson visited from NYC so that they could meet new people and hang out with old friends.
Riley got Robin a job opportunity after Robin lost job in a recent company layoff.
Carson felt silly when he said something funny to their friends.
Austin was the general of the army and chose to send Kendall off to the war as their side needed extra soldiers to fight.
Kai didn't want Bailey to leave while they were gone, so Kai bounds Bailey together.
Austin placed the shirt back when he saw the price tag.
Kendall refused to wear a coat in the rain and was feeling sick. Kendall rushed to the bathroom to puke.
Jordan wanted a Nintendo Switch for their birthday, so Ash got Jordan one.
Aubrey took the phone away after founding out the truth.
bailey had some old furniture she needed to sell so she put out an ad.
Cameron practiced every word and when it came time to deliver the speech he nailed it.
Sydney usually walks home. Today it starts raining when Sydney is halfway home. Addison sees Sydney and stops the car.
Quinn kept Addison emotionally together after their brother had died.
Addison gave Ash a look of approval when he asked if he could go to the movies.
Riley had been to an aquarium before but never a zoo. Riley visited the zoo for the first time.
Jordan wrote Riley's autobiography the night he help her with her book.
Kai stood Quinn's ground, while Quinn cowered on the floor from the bully.
Tracy felt a knot in Austin's back and had to rush to the doctor to get it fixed.
Riley prepared for their reception. After so many months of planning, she couldn't believe it was finally time.
Jenny was looking for a fast teammate. Kai suited their purpose.
Robin registered for classes at a local college and decided to begin classes at noon after she leaves her part-time job.
Addison wanted to go to Ash for advice on taking care of a garden because they know Ash is more experienced.
Cameron turned Remy's body over and found the exit would, and reported it to the chief.
Ash tried to help the baker make a really nice cake when he was in the kitchen.
Sasha asked Cameron's friend for help in getting the couch from the moving truck to the house.
It was a beautiful day. Skylar went hiking.
Jordan was going to perform his drum solo. Jordan gave people a good show.
Remy sat on the edge of the bed and listened to them talking.
Riley began to sing the song and their friend cheered and encouraged them more.
Jan was entered into a local tennis match, so Jan went and played hard.
Remy met another classmate.  They started to talk to each other.
Ash left the game with an ankle injury and didn't know how bad it was.
Remy held Skylar's meetings at her room and had to accommodate for a lot of people.
Aubrey opened Casey's eyes to the fact that Aubrey loved them and Casey wanted to return that love.
austin was tired of his abusive dad so he beat him with a baseball bat.
Aubrey asked Riley to take charge but Riley was inexperienced and did a poor job.
Jan brought Jesse to the doctor after they were ill for several days in a row.
Casey was in labor and endured the pain longer than they could stand so the doctor gave Casey drugs to help manage the pain.
Carson took a look around, then a look at the map, and decided to turn left.
Jesse performed Cameron's task at work when Cameron was not able to do it.
Aubrey called the man to the fact that the store opens at 8 am.
Austin listed every item so that the person listening could take inventory.
Carson pulled lint out of Tracy's pocket while they were trying to steal something.
Kai underwent the operation Ash performed and it made a big difference.
Sasha resigned from Casey's office after they decided to retire from work.
Austin went to his new counselor, Kai, to discuss his problems.
Taylor got hurt at the game and decided that they would quit the sport.
Taylor took the dog away because he was aggressive with the others.
Cameron saw Lee's father who never took the time to be in Lee's life.
The new tech arrived at the hospital today to fix the equipment for the nurses.
Jan was mean to a girl because the girl was a lot different than her.
Austin was playing go fish with their dad and ended up winning the game.
After she got sick Addison promised she would help her finish her homework. She worked all night by her side.
Jan noted every change in the renovated kitchen.
Remy broke their old phone by dropping it on the ground outside.
Kendall thanked Lee for his help and bought him an expensive steak dinner that night.
Cameron quit that job after learning the hurt animals in their testing.
addison knew he needed to find the phone so he found the phone in the snow.
Casey knew Aubrey's attorney had a great reputation. Casey hired Aubrey's attorney.
Cameron's mom's car was broken, so Ash got her from work.
Robin wears T-shirts with lewd sayings on them to work. After Robin's boss told them that their outfits were raising eyebrows, Robin resolves to change how they dress.
Sasha spent a lifetime studying new things because they had no friends or family.
Sasha was scared to get a tattoo, but after getting it she liked it.
Cameron filled their face with Botox and it turns out the procedure went haywire.
Cameron took sides with them and they issued a challenge to the others.
It was my birthday so we went out for dinner with friends.  Carson bought dessert for all of us.
Jan became very close to their father after going on the trip.
Carson bought some things at the mall and liked every time he got.
Jesse wanted to go fishing, so she got a big boat in the lake.
Bailey was just in from work and they heard the dogs barking outside so Bailey got the tin of dog food  and brought the food outside.
Addison was looking for a new job and Remy provided Addison with a good opportunity.
Jordan provided Tracy a service for free since she didn't have money for it.
Remy prepared another batch of fresh muffins for the customers.
Bailey owed Skylar nothing because Bailey payed back Skylar for all the bets.
Tracy wasn't sure if she wanted to go with her dad on the trip. Skylar advised Tracy to go and have fun.
Jesse baked the cake for their friend's birthday party.
Kai cried all day until her friends came over to cheer her up.
Sydney was driving home when there was a car crash. Sydney didn't want Jordan to see so she turned Jordan's face away.
Addison checked Skylar's car for her phone and found it when she heard her message alert sounding.
Remy pled Bailey's case about being innocent of the charge of drowning a cat.
Alex cleared Sydney of any wrong doing after Sydney's lion bit someone's head off.
jordan was a thief so he ate cameron's cookies.
lee was annoyed so he stared back.
Tracy was bored and sitting inside the house because of the rain. Tracy stared out the window.
Austin saw that it could be made if you just spent a little more time trying to see how to fix it.
Cameron could give birth any day now, so to be a good partner, Casey prepared for Cameron's emergency.
Alex turned the tv off because they were sick of being inside all day.
Bailey asked their friend for advice because they couldn't figure out how to do a task.
Sydney saw a cute puppy and they wanted it as a pet.
Robin acted as Quinn's intermediary in the situation so that things would go smoothly.
Remy offered to teach Bailey a few tricks on how to succeed in the workplace.
Cameron loves visiting children, he bought them juice.
Jan killed Alex's father because he had been having an affair for years.
Kendall won the guitar at the local supermarket sweepstakes. Kendall took guitar lessons.

Prompt word count: 4.
Quinn bought toys for Lee's children on amazon. Toys were delivered to Lee's home.
Jan struck every chord on the guitar just right, and got accepted into the band.
Addison laid on the couch while Casey was playing their favorite video game.
Aubrey determined the patient's sickness by getting charts and comparing them for hours.
Kai grew quickly after eating right and working out.
Cameron became Taylor's makeup artist, and was asked to come up with some new ideas.
Quinn needed a new computer and luckily could afford to buy one.
ash spent time with her friend and they played a game together that was enjoyable to everyone.
Taylor restored the officer to their former position and gave the officer a raise and a paid vacation.
Alex was playing at the park and he lost his shoes.
Eliana was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Jordan found someone to help them fix the electrical system in their house.
Jan bought a new towel and tried to use it at the beach she went to.
Skylar saved their father's bacon which everyone else wanted to eat.
Alex sat beside Jordan on the train ride to the ocean.
Casey stopped at the shelter and, although he tried not to, Casey came home with a dog.
Carson decided to run a risky play to win the game in the fourth quarter.
Bailey put the groceries away in the cupboard in alphabetical order.
Alex lied for Cameron about cheating on the exam that day.
Skylar blocked Austin's way when he wanted to go outside in the rain.
Robin drove to the store after work to get ingredients for dinner.
Sydney tried to kiss Taylor but Taylor didn't want to advance this early in the relationship.
Kai greeted Addison with a smile. Addison began to admonish Kai about what she had done.
Carson looked very threatening.  Aubrey took one look at Carson then ran.
Alison cooked dinner for themselves.
Ash needed beer and cigarettes, so Ash sent their young daughter to the store.
Carson went to the store and got some items that were there.
Cameron was going to the prom with Jason. Cameron wore earrings with their prom dress.
Alex would eventually pass after all that hard studying.
Riley spent over four months sawing and hammering away to build Cameron's houses.
The dog kept barking.  Therefore, Tracy let their dog out.
Taylor shut the door behind Casey when he left the house.
Kendall bought the tickets for the show online at a limited time discount price.
Jesse played board games with his friends at the sleep over.
Bailey made Jesse a fortune by selling stocks and bonds for him.
Sasha burnt her hand while cooking dinner for family last night.
Cameron became and actor and so did their friend Jesse.
Bailey took dog toys to the dog park so the dog could play.
Everytime Skylar went to the store he always bought spaghetti for eveyone.
Jordan needed inspiration so Jordan followed in Sasha's footsteps.
Taylor got counseling for being mean and pushing his sister.
Alex lied to Cameron but was worried that he might have left evidence behind.
ash was smart and creative so she gave me a good idea.
Taylor led Aubrey to the recruitment center so they could officially join the army.
Kendall gave Skylar a wink after passing her by at the party.
Carson told Cameron's sister the news about the changes coming to the company.
Quinn stuck the head in the sand because he was tired of listening to others.
austin did not know what to get sasha so he just gave her money for her birthday.
Sasha helped bring animals together at the shelter and took care of them.
Austin took Addison's work hours because  Addison was ill.
Jan asked Riley not to tell anyone about their relationship and Riley reluctantly complied with these wishes.
Austin was considering breaking up with their girlfriend but was unsure about it.
The results of the twins' final exam would determine if they would get into the same school. Jordan told Riley he hoped for the best.
Robin visited the beach every single day during their trip to Hawaii.
Sydney wanted salad for lunch. That was the healthiest thing on the menu.
Lee solved Taylor's equation that she couldn't understand at all.
Aubrey took kindly to them about how they were always making good jokes.
skylar was a helpful person so she attended to jesse's duties.
Bailey became the world's oldest person by adhering to a strict diet of healthy foods and exercise routine.
Riley and Quinn had been drifting apart lately and Riley wanted to show affection.
Remy noticed crumbs on the floor so they swept them up.
Tracy thought they might want to eat so they spend a lot time cooking in the kitchen.
Kai blamed Canada for the war and protested outside the capitol building.
Riley gave Taylor a show after she took her longtime boyfriend.
Skylar challenged her brother to a game of super mario kart.
Jordan had many precious paintings that were inherited in their house. One day Jordan threw it open to public.
Remy was Tracy's best friend since the last year of college.
Tracy commanded Lee's army with power infused into their words.
Quinn got out of her car and went inside to her job as a cashier.
Addison put their child on their back and began to pat their back to make them cough.
Casey felt so bad that she even brought sorrow to the world.
Jesse held the stressful leadership position for one term before deciding to resign.
Riley sold all of their extensive Opium perfume collection on eBay.
Kai needed to move back home to save up money so they could get a new place.
Lee spent a lot of time with Robin and they got to know each other very well.
Lee showed a clean pair of heels to the others who asked for help getting their shoes clean as well.
Bailey took Kendall's girlfriend out to dinner and did not tell Kendall.
Jan used Alex as an example of how to handle the problems at work.
Carson got the boat across the lake just by paddling it.
They played basketball all day until it got dark in the streetlights came on .
Remy worked hard to solve the crime and he received a reward later on.
Kendall made Casey's application. It went well and looked good.
Tracy grounded the kids for a month for talking to loudly.
Aubrey made their living banking but lost their job when the bank went bankrupt.
In Jesse's dream, Austin was controlled by Jesse's subconscious, causing him to do many strange things.
When the factory caught on fire, Kai was a hero and protected his co-workers from harm.
Carson sent Tracy's furnishings to college so that Tracy could move them into the dorm room.
Ash called the owner to see if the others could get a reservation as well.
Sydney noticed that her dogs were fighting and biting each other so she kept the dogs apart.
Robin was feeling gassy so they let out a big fart.
Ash moved Cameron an inch, so he can get to the front of the busy line.
Due to her formerly being class president, Addison plans on being her university president and then the U.S. president.
Addison basically told Tracy to shut up and was met with negative feedback.
Skylar visited her family in America and they went to Disneyland twice.
Taylor saved the patient's pancreas by performing the surgery quickly and effectively.
Alex always left them alone at the store, because they knew they could count on their employees.
Austin carried Casey along the way after Casey twisted their ankle running.
Ash was excited about the baby's arrival but was unsure how to hold it.
Aubrey saw a morbid play full of violence and jokes but loved the play very much.
Ash's first day was today and he got to work on an amazing and important project.
Sydney also gave Ash hell along with others after Ash tried to rip them off.
Riley had procrastinated too long on his homework so when he got home he started immediately.
Lee told Ash to follow when they were driving to the beach.
Jesse always left early to go to the big ball game that happened every night.
Riley gave Dan a hard time when Dan was babysitting them.
Kai was wondering if they should attend the funeral. Cameron told Kai not to come.
Jesse went to the zoo with their family and got lost looking for monkeys.
Addison executed every last one of them flies and mice in her home.
Since Casey is the group's team leader, Riley gave Casey the report on the team.
Austin shuffled past Casey's feet on the way out.
Jan told lee that he did not want him to cheat on the test.
Lee gave Kendall an opportunity to go with him on the business trip.
Tracy ate them together. They made a great combination.
Robin frightened the dog away while trying to catch it in the net.
Riley hung up their hat when she got inside.
Robin detected distress in their patients after they learned their diagnosis.
Jordan whipped Tracy's head around when Tracy stopped looking at him and broke Tracy's neck.
Austin gathered Jordan's friends together to plan a surprise birthday party for Jordan.
Carson had trouble figuring out how to fix a problem. Bailey found Carson a solution.
Quinn was racing his friends but ended walking on the flor.
Aubrey grabbed a brush and stroked Jan's hair.
Quinn wrote a research paper about the dangers of smoking at anytime of day.
The person had too much to drink and was becoming rowdy, so Riley told the person to leave.
Riley gave Kendall notice about the team meeting they were going to have.
Riley carried Aubrey's bag far into the ocean to hide it.
Sasha read Quinn's work, and told Quinn that it would never be good enough to publish.
Addison wrote a letter to Skylar telling them what they had been doing.
Robin got hit by a car and had to be rushed to the hospital.
Cameron got a new kitten for Christmas even though he didn't ask for it.
Austin gave Remy's hand to the woman so she could look at his fingers.
Addison called their parents into Skylar's office so she could tell them she was accepted into college.
Riley swam in the lake for so long that she was worn out.
Bailey went to the game and tried her best to score a goal.
Taylor took out a pouch of tobacco and rolled a cigarette in from of Sasha.
Kai gave people freedom with his newfound power.
Carson is a civil judge, and just issued Kendall a restraining order.
The teacher made the class get into teams to do their project. Casey didn't have any friends so Robin was forced upon Casey.
Sasha organized and prepared carefully until accomplishing all of their objectives.
The music coming over the loudspeakers at the concert hurt Addison's ears.
Jesse produced Austin's result to the teacher and the teacher was happy with their work.
Casey didn't want to get the flu this year so he saw a nurse. Kendall gave Casey a shot for the flu.
Kai uttered Sasha's exclamation that was written in the journal.
Quinn finally agreed to the contract and now they had to get him started at work.
Sasha took her best friend to Vegas.
Ash got Jordan one hot dog at the concession stand during the ball game.
Kai quoted another poem when he was trying to finish his speech.
Aubrey carried out their duties as team manager and the project was finished ahead of schedule.
Jordan checked the mail because he was waiting on his college acceptance letter.
Ash wasn't in the mood so he didn't catch anything.
Quinn heard the ice cream truck and couldn't find any money.
Bailey, in a crowd attending a large graduation ceremony for Remy's college, was using binoculars to find Remy.
It had snowed quite a bit the night before. Remy went outside and made a snowball.
Jordan gave food to a baby girl. She was a good babysitter.
During the campus welcome tour, Taylor impressed the rules upon you. She was adamant these were to be followed at all times.
Casey was a pilot and change the course of the plane's route.
Skylar slapped Quinn in the face after he accused her of cheating on the test.
riley was a reasonable person so he made sure to view the lesson in terms of a moral.
Riley is Lee's boss who had authority over him and gives the final approval.
Quinn spun Austin around in circle while they were dancing at the club.
Tracy moved their hand from the screen so Robin could see.
Kendall used to drink alchohol to maintain her sleep due to sleep problems.
Addison worked well in business and had a lot of experience in the field.
Taylor wanted to run a marathon but was out of shape for it so Taylor began training at the gym.
Addison tried to calm Aubrey down when she started having a panic attack.
quinn sent him away because they were being disruptive during the party.
Carson's friends forgot to pack lunches, so he shared his food.
Jordan had a word for everyone who went to the conference.
Riley was brave and rescued Jan from the fire, saving her life.
Riley was often scared to be home alone at night. Addison gave Riley security by installing cameras.
Skylar saw her friends buying nice things all the time. Skylar also wanted more.
Jesse saved all year round to buy something good.
Quinn's grandmother had passed away after a long illness.
Jordan helped out Tracy by fixing their refrigerator.
Jordan made room for Tracy after seeing them.
Addison slept surprisingly well this week all things considered.
Sasha gave Riley a coat to help her keep warm.
Tracy drank a lot of beer after their boyfriend broke up with them earlier that day.
I had a lot of boxes and furniture to move, but Lee helped a lot.
Remy went out of her way and bought lunch for Kendall.
Aubrey's class had to decide whether to meet or not on MLK Day.
Taylor said Bailey would leave the party if she upset Taylor one more time.
Robin stood on their feet and balanced at the end of the high diving board.
Lee married another teacher and they both went to Hawaii as a good honeymoon.
Jesse went quickly to their mother and their mother told them they were good.
Cameron ran some tests on the people that were in the hospital room.
Kendall worked a lot and increased the amount of money they made.
Riley afford Sydney's pleasure and wanted to take care of Sydney.
Taylor was queueing for a ticket for a band but was getting fed up waiting so he bunked the queue and put himself at the front.
Ash impressed their wife with the bouquet of flowers.
Jan had drunk too much and wanted to throw up.
skylar knew kendall was hard headed, so she tilted kendall's head back to whisper the secret.
Bailey wanted to help so they Joined forces with the volunteers.
Robin was better than the other salesmen on the team. Robin cast a shadow over everyone.
Alex pulled pranks so often that the other kids stopped wanting to hang out.
Carson seemed upset about the loss, so Kai let him alone.
Jesse faced every person and addressed the crowd with confidence.
Tracy defrayed money in connection with her bookie who lost the book stole from the library.
No one could figure it out, but after hitting the tv, Remy did the trick.
Cameron was still  a good student after Cameron  failed the major exam.
Casey went to a family reunion that was full of relatives. Casey saw their grandma.
Alex started to run faster because he could see that others were gaining ground.
Robin grabbed a seat at the movie theater for her favorite movie, but a few minutes later, Cameron sat down right in front of her. Robin snapped and yelled at Cameron to make her move.
Riley beat back the dogs and kept them away from their house.
Carson was having a hard time trying to understand the sentence. Jordan served Carson an example to help.
Not being a real friend, Casey betrayed Bailey so much that he accepted defeat.
Alex shared Cameron's feeling about what the best snacks are.
Jordan tripped over their own feet and accidentally lodged a pencil into Sasha's eye.
Even though Jordan had many chores to do, Aubrey wrested the day away from them.
Casey used their car to get to work and made it to work on  time.
Aubrey needed to lose some weight but did not want to work out every day.
Ash effected their purpose for the reason she was their boss.
Ash told Sydney something about the movie but he stopped her before she spoiled the ending.
Jan improved Bailey's life after he had been using drugs for years.
Ash persuaded them to change the valuation of the company and then they lost their investors.
Cameron say Casey this morning before going off to work.
Jordan got their things together. They were excited about the adventure.
Bailey accidentally knocked over the basket that she just placed there.
Jesse hit their brother in the face with a large trout to signal their dominance.
Taylor improved the patient's health by using an innovative new medical technique.
Alex wanted to to eat some of Jordan's popcorn at the theater. So, Alex sat beside Jordan, so that he can easily access the popcorn.
Ash is invited to the party of a person she really dislikes.
Robin wanted to by a new coat. Robin went to Aubrey's store and picked out a coat to purchase.
Addison made Austin act silly because they wanted to have fun.
Jordan kept Bailey safe from the storm that night when it was snowing.
Robin took their order to the counter and spilled it everywhere all over the floor.
Casey was proud to see Bailey get perfect grades and urged the shy Bailey to accept an award.
Addison woke up and realized that there was no power in the house. Addison called the electric company.
Tracy felt young after getting a makeover and buying new clothes.
Remy called the employee into the office and told them the news of them being fired.
The two business men were led into the woods by the mob thugs and then Austin was forced to dig their own graves.
Quinn was acting pretty weird and made Riley have many assumptions.
Ash had trouble walking sometimes so needed to balance their walking with a stick.
Jan was helping with the schools Christmas pageant and loved working on the choreography with the children. Taylor was having trouble and Jan wanted to make sure she did well and stayed in place during the songs.
Bailey took Quinn aside to talk about the upcoming play this coming Friday.
Aubrey had worked 10 days straight as some of her colleagues were off sick so when Aubrey had their first day off they enjoyed their day.
Everyone was instructed to stand in a line, Jesse waited and then stood in the gap in the line.
Now that he had a hair cut and bought some new clothes, Carson would be ready for the first day of school.
Kai loved Carson even with all of Carson's insecurities and flaws.
Austin carried out their threat. They meant business this time.
Quinn always bought water. Tap water is dangerous to drink.
jesse wanted to make a good impression so she pleased lee's father.
Quinn came down to see us after getting out of their hotel room.
Addison filled Jan's mouth with cookies because it was jan's favorite snack food.
Sasha slept all night soundly and did not wake up to early.
Since he has a day off, Austin hung out with Quinn's friends.
Carson rose from Quinn's seat as soon as Carson realized they sat in the wrong chair.
After Others insulted Jesse, Jesse responded by hitting them in the face.
Aubrey finally went to bed after winning an argument against her friends.
Lee spent all of Remy's money without remy's permission or approval.
Sasha was very fierce and brave and she acted like a man.
Aubrey was waiting for an important letter so she checked the mail.
Aubrey gave me water when I came asking last summer.
Sasha let him back in the house after a while.
Tracy was going to win the game, so she mocked her opponent.
Addison is determining that they're strong enough for the competition.
Remy was watching the horse race and made a bet with friends.
After beating Tracy up, Kai left Tracy for dead.
Sydney taught Carson the basics in how to bake a cake.
There was a stray kitten outside and Addison fed it food.
Jesse thought twice about sharing his food with Skylar who was starving.
Alex stayed awake and watched a really good movie one night.
In order to get the coffee from the vending machine, Quinn put money in the machine.
sasha needed help with a problem so lee helped her solve it.
After hearing how he was having to pay new taxes Carson kept Cameron's account open for another six months.
Aubrey opened Sydney's door after knocking because nobody came to the door for a while.
Austin bought some books and sent them to various members of his family.
Kai asked someone for help moving and was happy their friend offered to help.
Skylar spent the day at the beach staring at all the cute boys in their shorts.
Casey hung out with Jesse every day when he smoked. Jesse's smoking affected Casey's health.
Carson had helped Sydney with her bills so much that he couldn't pay their own rent.
Kai took a road trip across country. She started in New York and traveled to the state of Washington.
Kai found a box of tissues and tried to clean their nose as best as they could.
Jordan left his keys to his car in the house. Jordan told Tracy to get the keys.
Taylor thought before she spoke and said the compliment differently.
Ash decided to make an elaborate meal for his new girlfriend one night.
Everyone was done eating the turkey for the night so Jesse put the turkey in the fridge.
Remy lived at home while attending school and everyone made fun of them for living with their parents.
Riley got a sunburn that was painful. Riley really hated the sun.
bailey decided an education is the key to success so she wanted to go to college.
Taylor got Bailey's girlfriend to come with them to the big party.
Jesse fixed it right away when they noticed that it was broken.
Skylar worked day and night then he threw a surprise party.
Aubrey prevented the kangaroo from escaping. They held it down to be tranquilized.
Robin treated their grandparents well because they basically raised her instead of her parents.
Riley's friends did not invite them to play football with them so Riley decided to make their own fun and painted a picture.
Jordan laid gentle eyes upon Ash as she drew closer and closer to him.
Ash was looking for their perfume, so they used their sense of smell.
Sasha fixed Taylor's tire after the tire had exploded on the road.
Quinn attended their business open house. It was longer than expected.
Jordan saw Bailey three times and asked for a cup of coffee each time.
Quinn dried Jesse's eyes with a napkin that was in the box.
Sydney took Skylar for ice cream today because she did a good job.
Casey had installed solar panels. He had to properly maintain the power structure.
Carson learned how to sew with the informative book she read.
Kai brought the car into line to get it cleaned that day.
Chase was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Bailey pointed their finger at them in order to shift the police's attention away from himself.
Following the grueling search and interview process, Ash received a job offer.
After being insulted for an audition that was obviously a top notch performance, Taylor called forth the person who had belittled her skills.
Sasha put Kai back inside when the weather got bad.
Jan called Aubrey's girlfriend to tell them their was a bomb in the building even though this was not true.
Jesse didn't know Ash, but Austin did so Jesse took Ash at Austin's word.
As a romantic gesture, Quinn lightly brushed Ash's fingers with their hand.
Taylor stirred men's wants because she was a very attractive woman.
Alex lived in the Casey area with several of her sorority sisters and attended classes to study fashion.
Tracy became more comfortable so she decided to take her shoes off.
Cameron was eager to try it after his friends told him about a new drug.
Sasha made her decision about how she wanted to handle things at work.
Alex drove from florida on a whim to see their family that they missed.
After making it home safe, Lee felt relieved and that he had a bed to sleep in.
Austin rode Jordan's bike home and then it was stolen because he left it outside.
Bailey found Carson the solution after studying the charts for a while.
Sydney met Addison halfway at the stairs to have a conversation.
Taylor went to buy a new TV after finding out that a mouse chew through the old one's power cable.
People asked Carson where the event was held. Carson sent the people to the assembly.
Janice won a trophy at the karate tournament. Bailey also got a trophy.
Cameron told Tracy would take money about the job because it was the right thing to do.
Addison took part in the struggle of student loans but it paid off when she got a great job offer due to her degree.
Austin called their dad for help because the dryer broke.
Taylor had nothing to do and watched TV for hours.
Jan gave a helping hand to Remy's mother since she was sick and needed help.
Robin noticed someone sneaking in Jan's backyard so Robin protected Jan's property.
Riley was going to Sunday school every week at the church. Riley followed Christ's teachings.
Kai was in love with Aubrey but Aubrey only thought of Kai as a friend.
Jesse is in the hospital recovering from surgery.
Cameron took money to work, so he can take the fellow employees to lunch.
Alex pulled pranks to them because they wanted to be the best.
Jordan invited Addison's girlfriend so she could meet everyone in the family.
Jesse found a dog walking by the side of the road, abandoned.
Jan sat the food on the table and then started to ring the bell for dinner.
Jordan headed towards the door to visit her mom in the hospital.
Jan went to Addison's friend's house for the annual sleepover party that they had every year.
Robin was getting married in Hawaii the following week.
Jordan got there on time by speeding and driving like a mad man.
Tracy marched in the band during the game but couldn't wait to get to bed.
Aubrey was driving on the way home and noticed a astray cat so Aubrey kept the cat.
Skylar caught Quinn peeking at the homework and reported it to the teacher as cheating.
Robin used Tracy's device to find her phone and then returned the device after finding it.
Remy needed money fast and saw Aubrey's wallet sitting there. Remy stole the wallet.
Austin didn't feel like his tutor was very effective, so he saw another student tutor.
Ash was a very responsible person and took care of everything.
Tracy time traveled back to the past commanded General Lee's army in war preparation.
There was a bad accident on the freeway during morning rush hour. It made Casey late but she was thankful to get to work safely.
Sasha liked teaching very much and was an excellent student.
Lee restored Remy to health after Remy came down with a nasty cold.
Remy never tried at all and had to go home with no accomplishments.
Aubrey found the bag he lost under the tree in the park.
Skylar spent a lot of time with friends because they were only going to be in town for a weekend.
Austin shared everything with their friend and often forgot to include everyone else.
The jury ruled against Lee, making Lee's son upset. Alex gave Lee's son a hug.
Austin visited Skylar's uncle on Tuesday to join them on the birthday party.
Addison broke Remy's phone by accident when being chased by a criminal.
Addison supplied the lost dogs with food and water after giving them a bath.
Jordan watched their favorite TV show all night and only got 2 hours of sleep before work.
Taylor told Alex that their husband was cheating on them with another woman.
cameron was a experienced man so he gave robin satisfaction in their relationship.
Skylar decided to get married to one man despite having many other suitors.
Casey orders fried okra and makes sure to get enough for the others as well.
Cameron was good to Robin and gave them satisfaction in their relationship.
Taylor had a fall when they were out cycling and Taylor was panicking so Ash convinced Taylor he would be alright.
Aubrey sent text messages to her friends after she left school.
Kendall liked one of the books her father gave her because she has such a close relationship to her family.
Aubrey directed Lee's course and got flying colors as a result.
Quinn paid the association back the money she owed them.
Kendall told Addison they should start a business. Addison made a business plan.
Aubrey told the waitress that the food was really good.
Sasha wanted to go play a game with her friend after chores.
Alex was riding his bike when he saw a dirt road, so Alex went down that road.
Kendall was CPR certified and rushed to Austin's aid.
Remy got a hotdog at the fair then got a funnel cake and rode some rides.
Kendall threw some left over food from the meal to the dogs.
Kai brought home Alex's laptop for they from school.
Addison found Casey's purse lying on the floor in the driveway and took it inside.
Carson had been hesitant, but lent Riley the car and now Riley had lost Carson's keys.
jordan wanted to be kind so he quickly got the thirsty man some water.
Casey reported for work on time with Jan as scheduled.
Bailey bit their finger and drew blood on it and became very sad.
Addison wanted to wear his new shirt with pride but forgot it at home.
Riley pushed Casey's fingers into the opening and then realized it was too late.
Tracy decided to travel around Europe for a summer after graduating high school.
Austin had always been a solid employee, but lately he was too dedicated, he worked his fingers to the bone night after night.
After Jason complained that the colors were overwhelming, Riley changed colors in her design.  She liked it better.
Remy was feeling generous and decided to give Ash this opportunity.
Alex tried to pull away from the others but they were hot on the trail.
Remy left them behind and went ahead to scout for possible dangers.
kai worked all day in a tobacco factory so he smelled horrible after work.
Aubrey showed Remy's mom their coat after Remy''s mom said it looked nice.
jordan wanted to share his experiences so he gave casey their picture.
Bailey was pregnant with twins. They were both beautiful and healthy.
Lee will see Alex tomorrow, but they are so excited they can't even sleep.
Bailey needed to travel quickly so he took a train.
Kendall went to the doctor finally because he had been running a fever all day.
Riley destroyed men's lives through pushing them too hard in his business.
jesse was kind and generous so he gave sasha the chance of a lifetime.
Skylar came into Sydney's head when Sydney was deciding who to invite to the party.
Because Jan was jealous of the esteem with which coworkers held Casey, she told everybody in the office a horrible lie about Casey.
Kendall finally told the truth to their parents about stealing the money from their safe.
Jesse had a good laugh. It was a funny show.
Addison provided kendall the answer so that kendall could get a good grade on the exam.
Sasha wanted to get good at ballet. Sasha improved their performance by practicing every day.
Kai sounded very sincere about their apology, and crossed their heart and hoped to die.
After five years of being a stay at home mom, Quinn sent Robin to school.
Jordan went out to shovel the driveway. While walking, Jordan slipped on a patch of ice and fell.
Jordan got a wound when they stepped in Jesse's way and got knocked down.
Remy had just finished preparing soup for dinner when several friends showed up unannounced. Remy prepared several more bowls of soup.
Carson surprised his girlfriend with dinner for her birthday.
Sasha ate cheeseburgers and then reached for her drink.
ash wanted to make extra money so he cut bailey's grass.
With little regard for his own safety and exhaustion, Alex helped everyone that was in distress.
Carson ran his hand through Lee's hair as he got ready to give him a haircut.
Casey celebrated Christmas with her family and bought them many different gifts as well.
Kai shook hands with Addison after meeting and offered their condolences on Addison's recently deceased mother.
Bailey was hoping to meet a deadline. Bailey was under pressure at work.
Taylor carried his child home after he broke his ankle on the skateboard.
Taylor went on their journey and had a good time with others.
Aubrey beat Quinn's brains out because Quinn was trying to assault Aubrey with a weapon.
Jordan liked to call their family to check in. Jordan called their grandparents.
Ash gave Remy a lot in order so that Remy could feed her family.
Robin took her son to get a haircut and he got a really cheap one.
bailey was a pirate and was being executed so she had to walk the line.
Jan practiced hockey so they could play in the state game.
It was a bright and sunny morning, so Taylor decided to not take the train.
Jesse brought home a cat that they found in the park.
Quinn sent Cameron flowers to show compassion for her loss.
Jesse entered Sasha's room and strted brushing her hair with a brush.
Jordan angrily searched for his friends and threw open his friend's door.
Aubrey supplemented Skylar's income by giving Skylar some money on the side.
Sasha took advantage of the facts knowing she could beat everyone to the party if she left now.
Lee kept everything under control when things got busy at work.
Aubrey took the facts into consideration after the car accident costed a lot of money.
cameron treated austin very well so cameron changed austin's plans.
Sasha heard another word and asked if the would turn up the television.
Casey really enjoyed them but needed to get more from the store because they ran out.
Before she started riding her bike today, Sydney wore a helmet.
quinn wanted her son to be a balanced person so she sent him to summer camp.
Skylar and Sydney are frenimies and when they get together the sparks fly. The last time they were together Sydney was really mean and thought she should apologize.
Tracy was standing in the wrong place and Tracy accidentally got hit.
Carson searched for his car keys frantically because he was in a rush to get to the hospital.
Sydney tried to kiss Taylor right after eating an anchovy pizza.
Austin observed every person looking for the suspect that has stolen jewerly.
Remy asked Robin's husband if their husband could go to the game.
Casey felt like talking to their friend. Their friend wanted to listen as well.
addison was a good friend so he held tracy in her arms.
Skylar mixed all the ingredients in the bowl so she could finally bake the cookies.
Ash fancied their chances at winning at the local casino.
Sydney contacted the wall with water to get a bucket of water for the plants.
After they had gone on a few dates Jordan met Aubrey's children and loved them.
Sydney bent Lee's ear during the checkup to make sure he could see it.
according to the article skylar felt sleepy after work.
Sydney lost their opportunity for a hot dinner cooked by Robin when they kept playing their games.
cameron gave me some medicine but there was none left for others after that.
Cameron divided the athletes into different classes to get better evaluation.
Cameron provided snacks to children because it was lunch time that day.
Casey stopped asking her teacher why during her philosophy classes.
It was time for Ash to get on the roller coaster. Ash wanted to impress someone so they tossed their fears aside.
Robin studied engineering in the university but had to drop out because of their bad grades.
Jan got in trouble in class and then was sent to the principal to talk.
Ash arranged Kai's things in order to make more room in the truck for her own.
Aubrey grabbed Skylar's face gently after the movie was over.
Upon the birth of the child surrounded by friends, Riley gave their baby a name.
It was late at the party and Remy said they had to leave.
Addison intentionally rung a very annoying bell in Cameron's ears just to be annoying.
After being tripped in the big soccer match, Kendall would not answer Tracy's calls.
Remy started to tear up during the movie. Alex wiped Remy's eye for him.
Aubrey was getting everything together for their wedding day.
Carson always knew from a young age that they wanted to help others than as they got older they decided to become a teacher.
Taylor threw the wrapper away after they had a snack.
Riley became extremely bored and decided to leave in the middle of the game.
Sasha varied their work with in limits to have some fun.
After breaking his leg in a very bad accident, Taylor used crutches.
Jesse's cable had been out for days, and they wanted to watch the world series.
Jan controlled and influenced Aubrey throughout her life.
Robin was sleeping at their friends house and had woken up very early before anyone else was up, so Robin made their coffee for them.
Robin played soccer everyday and practiced very hard as well.
Sydney helped out Skylar for the day by taking Skylar's two kids to the grocery store.
Alex would eventually pass others in the hierarchy through promotions and rewards.
Lee went to see Addison about a plan to make a lot of money in a short amount of time.
Aubrey made sure their daughters birthday wish of going to the zoo came true.
Remy saw Jesse let go of their grip and go down the slide.
Sydney made it to school through the blizzard that morning.
Sasha spent a lifetime studying in law school to be a lawyer.
Robin started school at noon and made sure to be there right on time.
Carson was trying to become a good swimmer. Carson "went hard or go home".
Remy also watched television until it was finally time to go to sleep.
Kendall stretch Lee's leg for physical therapy to gain flexibility.
Robin had a big secret to tell, so she looked them all in the eyes, as she spoke.
Ash started laughing after seeing a stranger trip and fall on the sidewalk.
Kendall told their mother to help her host the party that was gonna happen.
Bailey came within range and took a shot at the target.
Jordan invited Jan over for dinner.  Jan accepted Jordan's invitation.
Jordan avoided the stage to the nerve of opponents because they wanted to spend time away from others.
Tracy took medicine to prepare for their upcoming surgery date.
Bailey took it to the shop to have it repaired after dropping it in the tub.
Ash welcomed Cameron back to the team after they moved back last spring.
Skylar learned Austin was going to share Skylar's secret with their friend. Skylar barred Austin's way.
Jesse avoided contact with Addison, the waitress because he knew her.
Bailey knew their family would come for the big reunion the following week at their house.
After searching for an apartment for months, Kendall finally found a new place downtown.
Cameron affected their life positively by buy a brand new home.
Addison cut herself loose because she was dragging the whole team down with her.
Alex kissed Lee deeply before boarding the plane to visit their hometown for a month.
Taylor told her friends that she wanted to meet a very nice man at the party that night.
Ash joined them together to form a nest. They worked together as a team.
Sydney's granny passed away and Sydney was so sad they could not stop crying but Kai came and sat with Syndey and wipes their tears.
Sydney confronted Jesse about his bad behavior at work and wrote him up.
Sydney thanked the boss for Sasha's assistance in fixing the problem with the machines at work.
ash was an idiot so he complained to his mother.
Austin worked their fingers to the bone to get the project done.
Emma was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
In order to save his loved one, Austin broke God's wishes and was punished.
Alex's phone was stolen on the bus. Alex bought Carson's phone from him at his home.
Skylar decorated Robin's room with all the bells and whistles that were expected.
Addison wanted to go to Ash and help him when she found out he was in trouble.
Jesse read his niece Jordan a story before she fell asleep during her visit.
Kendall tripped over a log while hiking down a hill. They were more careful in the future.
Aubrey found food in Addison's house and decided to cook a dinner.
Kendall had collected stamps from their travels all around the world.
Kendall was making spaghetti and it looked like it was going to be good.
Jim and Carson were leaving on vacation at 2pm, Carson would be packed and ready.
Kendall went shopping at the mall and got some new shoes.
Taylor called Riley back to tell them they could go over to their house.
Robin knew where to go after consulting a Google map on her phone.
skylar was a mean person so she wouldn't do the person a favor.
Jan had to make sure things ran smoothly so she handed down orders.
Remy was participating in a food fight. They threw their food around.
Skylar came into help Tracy with her assignment in hopes it would help him become more familiar with the material.
Cameron was out with friends for a while before Sydney's mother found Sydney unresponsive. Cameron regrets not being with Sydney. Sydney's mother wasn't happy either.
Casey drove Quinn home to his apartment after the doctor's appointment.
Taylor texted each of her  friends and family to do something fun.
Lee beat Ash to death after he found Ash stealing his collection.
Quinn wanted Remy to be happy, so Quinn gave her last dollar to Remy.
Kendall came over to Remy's for dinner. She put her coat on Remy's hook.
Jan was bossy and continued to tell Casey's coworkers what they were supposed to be doing.
It was Sydney's child's first birthday so Sydney wanted to make it a very special day for them.
Anxious to get home to relax with the soft pair of slippers Jesse had bought, the cashier worked quickly.
Jesse was bed ridden and couldnt walk their dog. Jan took Jesse's dog for a walk.
Alex made effort to improve Tracy's image with the rest of the company.
Riley lost their very first tooth and put it under their pillow for the tooth fairy.
Addison has always followed code at her job and encourages others to do the same.
Kendall got all the ingredients together to make a big batch of yummy cookies.
Jan thought about it long and hard and eventually decided.
Austin filed for divorce after it was clear the relationship was going nowhere.
Riley saw his horse stumble over the cliff and was feeling sad.
Robin was covered with ice from being outside and just went in to warm up.
Joseph was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
After being hounded for hours to tell him her plans for the weekend, Sasha finally gave Carson an answer. She is going out with her friends and not him.
Isaac was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Kendall went places all day and they felt very tired afterwards.
Tracy got some water to quench their thirst have practicing football.
Sebastian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Cameron finally beat cancer and decided to get some good food to celebrate.
Carson sent Bailey's lunch to school after Bailey forgot to put it in her backpack.
Quinn lost her husband in a tragic hunting accident in Mississippi.
Quinn had been feeling tired and sluggish and wanted to feel better.
Kendall played a game of basketball on the court and practiced their free throws.
Jordan saw that Casey's face was bruised again, despite her efforts to hide it.
Carson gave some shooting tips to a son before the school held basketball tryouts.
Skylar put her dress on and went to the party to have some fun.
Sasha was interested in Carson's friend but never talked to them. Sasha texted Carson's friend one night.
Alex called Bailey's boyfriend. Alex couldn't stand the thought of him not knowing Bailey cheated on him.
Kai paid no attention to their teacher and fell asleep in  the classroom.
Tracy is a manager at the bank. Tracy needed to fire some employees including Kai. Kai was well liked. Tracy decided to talk to Kai.
Jan gave Addison the orders to delete the files on the computer.
Austin was nervous about the test but Austin completed the test successfully.
Austin had been trying and they reached their goals.
Taylor made an impressively large pecan pie that had exceeded 3 feet in diameter.
Austin rode Jordan's bike home because they forgot to put gas in their car.
Taylor served Addison's ends in order to help her succeed.
Tracy and Kai have been going out for a while now and Kai keeps showing Tracy his affectionate side.
Kendall studied all school year and got straight A's in her classes.
Bailey was congratulating the new champion Quinn and raising her hand up.
Sydney saw their young neighbour walking to school in the pouring rain so Sydney stopped the car and gave them a lift and brought them to school.
Bailey failed their exams so the following year they decided to repeat so on the first day of term when everyone was going to university, Bailey returned to their classroom.
Riley gave Ash another chance after he begged her to take him back.
Sydney had to use the bathroom so Jordan kept Sydney's place.
Austin fought for their corner of the alley after panhandling all day.
Austin was approached with a business deal. He called a friend to consider their options.
Casey was struggling to remove their shoes. Lee knelt down and took Casey's shoes off.
riley was a great story teller so he began telling another story.
Sasha saw Cameron play and thought she was great.
Jan had a job interview at the hotel, so Taylor came along to fill out an application.
Austin got a good grade and was excited to tell his mom.
Aubrey told Carson what the plan was, they'd break into a bank and steal the money with weapons, then drive away.
Bailey married another woman after realizing he wanted to be a parent.
Carson made a huge mess in the kitchen and had to clean it up for a few hours.
Quinn wanted to make a nice meal, but was feeling ill, so Quinn required Alex's effort to cook dinner for them both.
Remy held fast to the beliefs that Alex had.
Ash's friends were always going out to party on the weekends. Ash put education first instead.
Casey drank a lot of alcohol last night at a party.
Skylar was coming to visit. He hadn't see his family in years.
Jesse was giving Austin a tour of their new house. They went down the backyard garden path.
Kai was teaching Kendall how to dance, Kendall had never danced before.
jesse was a overworked and hard working man so he needed a vacation.
Lee solved the equation Taylor gave them when they were teaching them about math.
Jesse entered Sasha's room without asking and Sasha was getting dressed at the time.
Jan slept with Tracy's boyfriend but felt bad about it, so she went to her house to apologize and Tracy let her in.
Austin demanded a refund when his hamburger was not fully cooked.
Casey put Tracy's hands up and tied her up in the back.
Sasha has the day of work and wants to spend it with their father.
Sydney offered Casey a ride to the store while they were in town.
Skylar lost their match as a result of them not working hard on the game.
Casey gave Jesse training in martial arts through the ancient ways of his order.
Alex went to college in a different state, in an attempt to get away from their old life.
Ash did not want their friends to intercede in their relationship anymore.
After extended investigation of the problem in the system, Kai found the culprit.
Jesse filled Ash's glass with water and then got him some cookies as well.
Addison drove the motorcycle away because they didn't want Mark to drive it.
Addison put her things in order after spring cleaning the kitchen.
Remy brought together enemies in order to get them to talk it over.
Audrey was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
After getting the news that he had cancer, Addison died within days.
Ash and Austin were arguing. Ash said some very horrible things that hurt Austin.
Austin offered their condolences to the neighbors after their home burned down, and also offered to let them stay at their house.
Alex wanted to make her feel better so he gave Austin's daughter a hug.
Quinn dropped the anchor because they did not want the boat to drift away.
Bailey took the dog for a walk.
Jesse was trying to keep a secret but couldn't and told their friend last night.
Robin was at ease.
Jesse knew that the neighbor was very pregnant and decided to do her and her husband a favor.
Carson went to Remy's room without Carson permission and made a mess.
Sasha wanted a shower as soon as they arrived so Robin unpacked Sasha's things.
Skylar's son was hungry so Skylar gave their son food to eat.
Taylor and their mates met up after the game for drinks and someone suggested playing beer pong so Taylor agreed and they played beer pong all night.
Tracy paid Sydney tax for the bill and tipped the serving a big amount for the amazing service.
Cameron is rumored to be a great pastry chef. Austin told Cameron to make dessert for them.
Bailey had been saving for a long time and really wanted a new car.
Skylar was coming in today for a visit. Tracy met Skylar at the station to pick her up.
Bailey saw a ghost in the haunted house and ran out screaming their head off.
Bailey, who was usually bullied, was surprised when Austin showed kindness instead.
Tracy looked at Quinn's watch and realized that they were late for their movie.
Alex enjoyed Sydney's tears too much by laughing uncontrollably at the sight of Sydney's weeping.
Carson asked his dad for money to take guitar lessons. After few lessons, Carson learned to play guitar and join a band.
Jordan ate without watching calories anymore and he seemed happier than before.
Their bond as friends was strong and Bailey had expressed this freely.
Aubrey and her girlfriend were celebrating their anniversary. Aubrey got their girlfriend earrings.
Sydney asked a boy to be her date to the prom and he said yes.
Casey died and Ash was left responsible for Casey's estate so Ash sold Casey's house.
Bailey was not invited to the sleepover so Robin took Bailey fishing.
Remy took Skylar money for food and a place to sleep.
Kai wanted to have a haunted house so they decorated their house for Halloween.
Casey  met a nice girl and the others were glad to see him so happy.
A fly was bothering all of the workers in a busy kitchen, so Bailey killed it with a stone.
Bailey helped Aubrey feel better because they were good friends.
Ash gave Jan an opportunity after Jan asked for more responsibility at work.
Ash asked Casey anything they wanted because Casey decided that Ash could be upfront with them.
Remy found a new place to live after looking in the paper.
Wanting to make money and move up in the world, Tracy earned Lee's bread.
Remy brought Skylar to the zoo and then the theme park for his birthday.
ash was a nice person so she helped sasha get up.
Robin played a part in the struggle and hoped they would not be found out.
Sydney beat their friend at chess even though they had the same amount of experience playing.
sydney could not take the yelling and disrespect anymore so she gave her students detention.
Sasha had been teasing Bailey and tried to beat her up. Bailey won the fight.
Lee made a rhyme using Bailey's name so that they could use it in a song.
Robin drove Skylar's truck to town to supplies for the farm.
Kai said "not yet" to the question because they were not sure if they wanted to go out.
Carson kept the account for Cameron. It was an easy task. He needed to pay the balance.
Jordan was drunk one night and woke up naked in a complete strangers bed.
Casey got things together and started doing really well at school.
Bailey took fate into her own hands and applied for the job she always wanted.
Lee left a mark on Riley when they were wrestling around for fun.
Casey saw an ad in the paper wanting a nanny for twin babies.
Carson felt weak on Casey's shoulder because they had just accidentally drank poison.
Taylor gave Alex a ride home from the dance.
Kai bound Bailey with rope and intricate, heavy knots.
Tracy was a prankster and always teasing and playing pranks on her partner.
Adrian was applying to nursing school and asked Lee for a recommendation letter.
Aubrey was going to the mall. Sydney gave her extra money to buy her something.
bailey was bored so she visited her friends on the weekend to have some fun.
Bailey wanted Carson to apply to as many colleges as possible.
Alex was evicted from Lee's apartment after leaving the place messy and forgetting to pay rent a couple of months.
Robin put the leftovers in the trash because she didn't like vegetables.
Bailey was traveling with Quinn. Bailey boarded Quinn's plane.
Lee listened to Kendall's talk and took a lot of notes.
Quinn bought an item from Jan so Jan put their money in the register.
Kai had been working on the problem for many months, but the solution had evaded them, until a new idea came to mind, and Kai finally saw it.
Lee missed the test date due to oversleeping from partying the previous night.
Her friend had so much work to do, Addison worked all night by her side.
Cameron talked to Bailey's friend about going to the movies behind Bailey´s back.
Jordan made Cameron's rounds because Cameron was not around to do them.
Kendall was bad at decorating but also had very little money, so Austin decorated Kendall's house for thirty dollars.
Cameron was trying to escape a dog, which led to climbing over the fence.
Remy prepared another meal when he realized his neighbor did not have anyone to eat with.
Some students refused to do homework, so Sydney gave them detention to teach them a lesson.
addison had a evil clone that bit him, so addison bit the clone addison back.
Jordan impressed Robin's girlfriend by knowing a lot about chemistry.
Riley built Cameron's houses after receiving the blueprints for the houses.
Kai's workers fought a lot among themselves so on occasion, Kai had to protect the workers from each other.
Cameron turned off the lights so they could watch a movie.
Kendall went against the grain and did what is right.
Aubrey sent text messages to everybody after she won the lottery.
Casey asked me for help with the big box in the corner.
Aubrey potty trained her son at a young age because he was precocious.
Robin explained their situation to a group of people so they could get some help.
Austin sent Kendall off to the war despite his hesitation in support of his son's dream.
Sasha went back to work to get a promotion, so she can buy a new house.
Jordan and Riley were getting ready. Jordan was jealous other people would notice Riley and told them they hated their outfit. Riley's crushed expression made Jordan instantly regretful.
Austin turned eight but he seemed like a teenager.
Jordan was an exceptional writer and when approached by Riley, Jordan agreed and wrote Riley's autobiography for a tidy fee.
Tracy and Robin went to the YMCA and Tracy urged Robin to join.
Jan vowed never to return to where she grew up as a child.
Skylar learned how to fly a kite at the park.
Bailey kept Carson from seeing any of the violent scenes of the movie since it was too graphic for kids.
Jesse told Ash yesterday that their parents got divorced.
Sydney bought gas station tacos in the early morning. They know where to find the best food.
Skylar ordered Taylor back to the house after Taylor had been out playing all day.
Casey made their own sauce extra hot because they like their food well seasoned.
Robin ran with scissors and fell down, cutting their arm badly.
Remy sent Sasha to Jordan's room. That was not the place they wanted to be.
Casey gave the kitten a toy because the kitten was scratching up the furniture.
Casey and the philosopher hated each other. Casey discovered the philosopher's secret they were trying to hide.
Early this morning, Kai discovered oil was leaking from the car engine and so, he took it to the repair shop.
ash tossed the leftover bones aside for the dog so that the dog could have a treat.
Jordan looked high and low for the cat after it ran away from the noise.
Kendall attended the event that went well despite her reservations about going.
Sasha called Quinn and told her where they would need to meet at.
Lee reached out to Alex's hand while Alex was about to carelessly cross a street.
Casey gave their friend the benefit of the doubt about what they said.
Cameron wanted to entertain his students with what he thought they might find interesting.
Addison called the manager into Skylar's office so she could thank her.
Bailey told their friend that they were going to the store that day.
It was time to leave the amusement park in the late evening, but Austin did not want to leave.
Bailey found a purse laying on the ground, and Bailey kept the wallet.
Lee called Casey's insurance company after they got into a car accident.
Alex thought he was simply another person and then he was recognized for saving someone's life.
Aubrey was jealous that Lee was getting the promotion instead of them. Aubrey prevented Lee's goal from becoming real.
Addison put her hands on Jesse's hips and danced wtih her very closely.
Austin finally turned around after he had been trying to get his car turned around for 10 minutes.
Aubrey liked playing stringed instruments in the orchestra. Aubrey mostly played the violin.
Taylor was excited for the get together tonight and got her friends.
The lights dimmed in the theater and Addison leaned towards Kai.
Skylar contributed to Tracy's success because of her tutoring lessons.
Sasha liked the food very much that she ate last night.
quinn was a powerful wizard so she changed water into gold.
Addison preached Christianity to the captives while they were in jail for murder.
Austin picked up the phone and quickly called his dad for help.
Casey hired an excellent realtor, Ash, who sold Casey's house quickly for a great price.
Kendall shops at a few different stores comparing prices. Kendall finds the best deal and buys a new mattress.
Ash had invited Kai over to his house for a playdate. Kai played Ash's video game with him.
Sydney present an overview to Bailey about what they been doing at work.
As the women continued discussing where to put the tree, Cameron put the tree down.
Sydney took Robin to the emergency room when she was really sick.
Addison got Skylar's money back for her when she was robbed.
Alex got ready for school but wasn't able to find the school uniform.
Addison had a great trip at the park for a few hours.
Ash played practical jokes on their teachers because it was April fools day.
Since they lost their keys, Sydnee turned every stone over looking for them.
lee was not too smart so he talked too much.
Ash felt unprepared for the test, so she stayed all night up studing hard and passed the test with an A+.
Alex passed another stop sign. They were going the wrong way.
Skylar stayed home all day yesterday doing nothing and just being lazy.
Austin gave the royal treatment to his guests when they arrived in the stormy night.
Jordan took a bubble bath that lasted a half hour that day.
Kai was hired immediately when they saw their excellent resume and references.
Casey used the Austin, Texas procedure at work and it impressed everyone.
Quinn brought their friends to the store that was having a really good sale.
Ash arrived late. that was typical for Ash.
Robin wanted to do better so she practiced for hours.
Remy decided to buy lunch for the whole work crew.
Jordan contributed to Robin understanding every day as their home school teacher.
ash never missed the dentist and they even missed the anniversary to go to the dentist.
Lee drove Casey home from the party because Casey was too drunk to drive.
Skylar followed her son around everywhere scared he'd bump into something.
Jordan gave Taylor the right of way, and Taylor gave Jordan the finger, even though they had been nice.
As they kept climbing higher up the mountain Casey reached the top.
Alex administered the lord's wrath to the viewing congregation.
Ash poured a bowl of cereal for a snack after school.
Austin has an addiction to playing video games and is trying to reduce his playing time.
Ash held back his hair and made some neat cuts for the hair cut.
Skylar's car would not start. Addison got in Sklyar's car to check it out.
Aubrey shook hands with the unemployed woman after meeting her in the coffee shop.
After watching TV and seeing how glorious the city was, Carson wanted to go to New York.
Alex gave Jan's name to his boss because he thought Jan was very talented.
Addison drank enough water to run that mile.
Casey asked Aubrey to accept because he really wanted Aubrey to like him.
Remy planned to throw herself a big birthday party. Remy invited friends.
After being double charged for a meal, Addison tried several things at the restaurant to get his money back.
Quinn knew a secret about the situation and was given a not so obvious hint.
Quinn gave Riley an education in how to flirt with boys.
Remy anxiously waited to get his exam back and see how he did.
ash realized he was about to run out of gas so he put fuel in the car.
Jan made people laugh at the beginning of the presentation with a joke.
Bailey tipped the scales with her weight and was given a stern warning about her health.
Quinn took Sasha bowling and they had a really good time together.
Kendall didn't see much they liked at the dinner so they just ate the fried chicken.
Austin took a detailed inventory and made a list of every item.
Jan went to Skylar's room to spend time with them one day.
Kai was living a bad life on the streets. Kai met Carson and Carson changed Kai's life.
Riley decided to get a burger instead of a sandwich.
Jesse shopped one day the best gift for his boyfriend Skylar.
Kendall put the tooth under Casey's pillow carefully and hugged Casey.
sasha was rude so she extended skylar's seats at her expense.
Riley told Kendall that she would have trouble with getting to the soccer game.
Aubrey was starting school and they went their on the first day. Skylar got to met Aubrey's teacher.
Aubrey went home to Alex after a long and tiring day at work.
Alex taught law at this university and got many students to go onto become lawyers.
Alex, the on call nurse, eased their pain with medicine.
Kai let Robin sleep on Kai's couch because Robin was in town.
Cameron whispered in Jan's ear asking her if she would like to go to the prom.
Alex took the dog for a walk.  They also need some exercise.
Sasha would no longer be happy with their group of friends if they were mean to her.
As soon as Bailey got her tax return check she immediately went out and bought a new car.
Aubrey got Carson's number and set up a date for later tonight.
Robin anxiously awaited their turn at bat, hoping they'd be able to hit a home run.
Bailey visited family this weekend and was on their way home.
Kai swerved to avoid the oncoming car in the lane.
Jan became close to him after her mom had passed away.
Remy went for a walk one day and ended up talking with their neighbor.
Austin was so excited about the trip and was being loud all ngith so Remy couldn't sleep.
Riley was really hard on Aubrey that day after she kept failing to get the ball in.
Even though they planned for days to talk at this time, Aubrey finally hung up after waiting for Cameron to answer his phone for 20 minutes.
Taylor led Riley far away from the house when it caught on fire to keep her safe.
Kai checked Jesse's email because he was running late for work that morning.
Skylar wanted to kill jan that day because jan said something mean to skylar.
Aubrey offered tribute to the gods. They did this out of reverence.
Robin tapped the coach on the shoulder to bring attention to a flaw in their strategy.
kendall stretched lee out and focused on the legs because they were about to run.
quinn was annoyed by him so she sent him away.
Tracy didn't go home that evening and resisted Riley's attacks.
Sydney walked past a homeless woman asking for change but did not have any money they could give to her. Sydney felt bad afterwards.
Sasha protected the patients' rights by making new laws regarding cancer drug trials.
Jordan was in charge of taking the food on the camping trip and left all the food at home.
Kendall opened their mouth to speak and what came out shocked everyone.
Aubrey never told Riley the answer and Riley was angry.
Kendall's dog was overweight so they walked it five miles.
Kendall got a new sports car and could not wait to show friends.
Riley layered down their arms with a blanket to keep warm.
Austin knew Quinn intimately and they slept together many times.
Carson kissed Alex gently on the cheek and asked to go to dinner.
Alex walked Robin towards the execution chamber for her last meal.
Carson was excited to wake up to attend school.
Taylor proved Carson's point about who was the stronger wrestler of them all.
Sydney went trick or treating and the others joined him happily.
Sasha set their trash on fire to get rid of it quickly.
Robin dried up the paper and lit it on fire and it blew away.
Skylar went camping with friends and found the best campsite.
Due to his car breaking down, Robin decided to ride with Jan's friends to school.
Cameron took Kai's compliment seriously after the ballgame ended.
Jordan taught art in elementary schools and was really great with his students.
Riley and the others were the best of friends and always supported each other.
Taylor gave help to a friend who was having trouble keeping up with their bills.
Riley had twisted their leg and began to hurt so bad that they could not walk.
Carson was at a friend's house but suddenly announced they needed to go home.
Taylor taught math in the schools after studying to be a teacher for four years.
Tracy led their army and fought hard in the war until they sat upon the throne.
Kendall watched baseball with his friends after working hard all week at his job.
kai was bored and had nothing to do so he played card games.
Robin changed Aubrey into clean clothes, so they can both go to the big play.
Kendall wrapped string around my neck to measure the collar of a shirt.
Aubrey gave it to Kai's friend. Kai had thought for sure and hoped that she would get it instead.
jan took them to NYC so that they could experience the city for the first time.
Tracy threw a fit on the couch while watching the history channel because they got a lot of details wrong.
carson hated lee and his family so he took the risk to injure lee.
Robin stayed outside and tried to finish the game of volleyball she was playing.
Carson returned to Robin's house after previously storming out during a huge fight.
Robin didn't know why she was having bad luck but found the answer.
Jordan's son was growing out of their shoes. Jordan took their son to the shoe store.
ash was cut short even though everyone wanted to hear what ash had to say.
Jordan was talking to a group of friends. Jordan talked behind Ash's back to fit in.
jordan wanted to be nice to a girl so he took her to the shoe store.
Aubrey understood Remy better and met his needs more efficiently as his nurse.
Aubrey kept the baby up at night to watch for a concussion.
Robin shut Riley's eyes to the fact that he didn't want her to see the sex scene from the movie.
Quinn wrapped their arms around Jordan before pulling out the gift that they had been hiding.
Bailey passed Jesse on his driving examination after he passed with flying colors.
Austin was taking a test and found it difficult at first.
Quinn was playing and froliking in the snow, making snow angels and snowballs.
Tracy gave money to my friend who needed it but failed to by it back as they promised.
Camerson was grading Bailey's research paper. Cameron felt satisfied with Bailey's work.
Skylar was pushed by the bully in the lunch line, so Skylar poured milk over their head.
Remy gave you Skylar account for netflix, so you wouldn't have to pay for your own account.
Skylar was on the phone while at the national park. They lent little attention to the view.
Sydney works as a preschool teacher, and helped trace Robin's fingers.
Jan was pregnant and she gave birth to a beautiful baby daughter.
Kendall was really into house plants and often pour water in to jars so the fluoride would evaporate out.
Knowing skylar would want to go too, Kendall took Skylar into account.
Aubrey was a police officer. She pulled Casey over for speeding in a construction zone.
Riley granted Jan the highest title of the kingdom and celebrated with a feast.
After being kicked out of the house by his parents, Jordan needed a place to live.
Remy gave birth to a baby girl on a Saturday afternoon.
Alex was no longer raising Sasha but she did give birth to Sasha.
Jordan gave Robin advice about a job interview as Jordan already worked at the company and knew the questions that would be asked at teh interview stage.
Cameron went out of her way to buy food for the homeless.
Sydney played Kendall's heart when she pretended to be interested in him at the party.
Cameron's parents told them to do well at school or they would be grounded.  Cameron took their words seriously.
Jan took me to NYC to celebrate my birthday before the baby was born.
It was a pretty sunny day outside. Quinn walked instead.
Kai was grounded after wrecking his mother's car so he handed back the keys.
Jordan got his leg bitten off by a shark while he was surfing. Jordan made light of the handicap.
Kendall knew that Skylar has a difficult work schedule and needed to accomodate that when planning the vacation.
But she didn't want to be on the team so walked off the court.
Carson was at a friend's house across town from where he lived playing video games.
Kendall took their dog to the new dog park in the neighborhood.
Robin's brother was hungry, too, so Robin cut the sandwich in half.
Addison regarded every girl as somebody who should be treated by their actions.
Remy challenged them to a game and then beat them so much.
Casey gave some money to Jesse so she could go to the movie.
Lee gave birth to ten babies over a span of ten years.
Cameron wore some very heavy clothes even thought it was hot outside and he would sweat heavily outside.
Remy understood every mystery because she was a famous mystery writer.
Kendall persisted after being told no, and eventually had a positive effect on Lee.
Alex worshiped Jesus in their way even though everyone said it was the wrong way to do it.
Cameron got a new video game and wanted to spend the night playing it.
Alex grew closer to their significant other after they vacationed together.
Aubrey got gas at the station and got some snacks for the drive.
Riley regarded Jesse with observant eyes then smiled after they ate the last cookie.
Aubrey fed Tracy's kids spaghetti after the baseball practice.
Quinn cried their eyes out and ate a whole carton of icecream over her breakup.
remy had a good talk with aubrey so aubrey understood remy better now.
Alex took care of the children after school so that their parents could continue to work.
Taylor taught math in the schools where underprivileged children studied.
Jan fastened the anniversary necklace around Sydney's neck, amid her tears of joy and exclamations of how beautiful it was.
Kendall didn't get the job despite the interviewer telling her she was qualified.
Riley talked to their friends about what they should do that night.
Remy went into town and found a fun place to get treats and ate some ice cream.
Carson was at a friend's house playing video games to get away from his arguing parents.
Taylor taught math in the schools and got a lot of praise for his style of teaching.
Robin pulled Carson over for speeding and then didnt write him a ticket.
Robin left food out for the animals in her backyard to come and enjoy.
Alex spent a minute thinking and finally decided to take action over it.
Bailey was not doing well at work but wanted to change the perspective to feel better.
Sydney is a fan of Hillary Clinton. One day she found a biography of Hillary Clinton. Sydney wanted to read it.
Cameron left the Halloween party early and drove home as fast as they could.
Kendall lost their shirt and walked around topless.
Taylor got louder as they raised their voice because of the altercation.
Kai knew that things were getting out of control and managed to keep his temper in check.
Tom gave Sydney a red scarf. Sydney set it on fire.
Austin built a mall on the site where the ruins were found.
aubrey helped sasha move because they were good friends and sasha needed help.
Cameron arrived at the restaurant and sat at their table.
Alex and his brother didn't have much in common. They went on a camping trip and Alex grew closer to their brother.
Remy, their partner Joe and family were out for dinner when Joe suddenly asked Remy to marry them.  Remy smiled and answered the question happily saying yes of course.
Riley was in pain.
Jesse is patient and hardworking and hungry in the morning.
Ash and Sasha have been dating for a long time.
Tracy understood Casey's mood better once they sat down and talked it out together.
Robin took a very long time to make up their mind of what to wear on their date that night.
Bailey was a new student at the local high school in town.
Skylar ate too much sweets and chocolate and drank too much sugary juice and the dentist told her she had a cavity.
Aubrey fed Tracey's kids ice cream after Tracey said the kids were allergic.
Quinn cried their eyes out because no one loved them at all.
Riley had a lot of friends.
Sasha grabbed Robins head and gave it a good shake.
Jesse wanted to get fresh apples and went apple picking at the local farm.
Bailey asked Sasha's grandma if they could eat the cookies now.
Jesse hired Bailey to impersonate to take the SATs.
Skylar was getting close to the deadline, so Skylar put their mind to the task.
Cameron and Aubrey were dancing at a friend's wedding, then the music changed to a slow song and Cameron threw Aubrey's arms around them and started swaying.
Riley laid down their arms and issued a long but effective peace treaty to be signed.
There was a fire, Sasha grabbed the extinguisher and saved the home from destruction.
Remy told Kai that they wanted to go out with them on a serious date.
Skylar wasn't very good at the game and ended up losing their character.
Addison could not find a coupon to IHOP. They felt bad about it.
Jordan shared their experience with the party. He lost 3 levels doing so.
Jordan wanted to tell Tracy a secret, so Jordan leaned towards Tracy.
Jordan paid his debt to society by completing several hours of community service.
Skylar put their mind to the task because it was complicated and required full attention.
Aubrey met a creepy stranger at the park who was trying to get Aubrey to go home with them.
Addison threw a pie on the character to make the play more humorous.
Jan lit a fire under her coworkers because they wanted to start a fight.
Alex rendered Sasha's service and was pleased with her attention to detail.
Casey ordered a package with priority shipping but two weeks passed and Casey never received the package.
Sasha got revenge on her friends for the trick they played on her.
Skylar got a cast on her leg because they were in a car accident.
Carson shook Jan's head again after she was very angry at him.
Remy left their money on a foreign bank account that was overseas.
Casey wrapped Sasha's hands around him because they are in a romantic relationship.
Kai was only trying to make fun of Cameron although Cameron took Kai's compliment seriously.
Kendall showed off her new car to all of their friends.
Taylor gave Kai a lot to think about.
Riley required every detail of the new project but he only received a partial specification.
Riley was coming home from work and suddenly began to hurt all over.
Carson tried to fight Robin last night because Robin hurt Carson a lot.
remy trusted the bank with his money so he left the money on an account.
Kai made a career out of his hobby of crafting wood furniture by hand.
Jordan left their book in the library after studying all day.
Jesse showed off her brand new car to Sydney's friends to make the jealous.
Taylor decided to take the bus based on their experience with the traffic.
Sydney gave Aubrey an estimate for how much their house is worth.
Quinn knew Ash well enough that they broken into and stole a jacket from Ash's locker.
Cameron picked Robin up from the airport after Robin spent many years living in oversea.
Alex paid money to get some expert advice on all of the details.
Aubrey was a police officer that pulled a driver over for speeding down the highway one day.
Jordan took their mother to the shoe store to buy new shoes for running.
The beat was so funky and so fresh that Austin moved their body to the music.
Austin just got a big bonus from the company.
After the first solution failed, Robin had to brainstorm a better idea.
Jan went out with Quinn's friends, but left because they had work in the morning.
Taylor made a cake that was their mother's favorite.  It was their mother's birthday.
Jesse made some bad decisions in life and Lee stopped talking to them.
Riley was Jesse's girlfriend and had just found out Jesse was cheating on them.
Austin gave birth on Sunday, and was home with the new baby my Tuesday.
Remy was a hard worker at an insurance company. They were working late.
Remy saved the town from destruction after the tornado had hit.
An old woman dropped her groceries outside of the store, Cameron went out of her way to help the woman collect her items.
After graduating high school and being accepted to college, Casey decided to study philosophy, because Casey valued ethics highly.
Rylie is teaching Sasha how to swim.  Riley told Sasha to hold her breath.
Aubrey was practicing singing and they sound really good.
kendall was a hard worker so she kept the ball rolling on the project.
Jordan took their son to the shoe store to get some soccer shoes.
After Bailey went to bed, Carson crept into the kitchen and ate Bailey's candy.
Quinn moved into a new house after their old one burned down in a fire.
Kai decided to stay at the beach house an extra week.
Remy understood every word of what their teacher was teaching.
Feeling a bit bored and tired, Kai watched anything.
Aubrey was practicing singing and they sound really good.
Riley was the best of friends with the boy and the others were relieved they had someone to lean on.
Skylar was sick and had to cancel concert plans with Sydney.
Jan lit a fire under her coworkers for slacking off a lot.
Sydney was writing the story creatively and wanted to give the reader Riley's perspective.
Quinn knew what was going on after seeing the cashier stealing from the till.
Skylar entered the classroom at school and made fun of everyone for being there on time.
Jan gave Sydney a necktie and Sydney put it on and it looked really good.
Addison went fishing and brought her brother with her.
Jordan taught the children nutrition and brought new foods for them to try which affected the children's health.
Tracy wanted something to do over the weekend. Tracy went camping during the weekend.
Sydney is Addison's boyfriend at the local high school.
Riley was on the beach near some birds that just flew away. They went after them.
As usual, Aubrey went to the park but this morning, he met a stranger at the park who jogged with him.
Jesse stood Cameron up instead of backing the person who was accusing him of stealing money.
Jesse is very angry with Riley and says some pretty awful things. Riley looks at Jesse with hurt filled eyes.
Remy answered the question that was intended for someone else.
Austin predicted cancer rates in patients would continue to go down due to the new breakthrough treatment they developed.
Kendall altered Lee's course of action after seeing a grave mistake in his plans.
Quinn was spending the day in the park with their friends.
Bailey felt bad when she saw the homeless lady and gave her twenty dollars.
Taylor asked the one officer for help in unlocking their car.
Carson was not exhibiting proper behavior in the military. Austin went ahead and discharged Carson of his duty.
Tracy gave it to their friend because they weren't going to need it anymore.
Alex grew closer to their cousin and spent less time with the others.
Jan wanted to help some low income kids go to summer camp. Jan raised money to help.
Taylor had not had contact with this friend for ten years and wonder how their life was going.
Tracy heard a faint buzzing noise and immediately ran for her life.
While reading a story about animal abuse, Quinn felt a lot of pain.
Alex saw Taylor talking to another guy at the dance that night.
Robin was too embarrassed to explain so she let Carson explain why it happened.
Riley and Sydney are best friends, Riley sold Sydney's painting to the bidder after she stole it from her house.
Taylor's friend was grieving the loss of his grandfather last week.
Jesse showed Sydney's friends how to bake a cake but it was left in the oven too long and burned.
Sasha had gotten a tutor to help her with history. Sasha started to improve slowly.
Tracy brought the kids to their dentist appointment, but it was scheduled during the school day.
Jan wanted to make friends so she exchanged phone numbers with people she met.
Sasha and others noticed Bob didnt have money for lunch. Sasha gave Bob some french fries.
Casey's mother called Casey to tell her that she sent her a package by mail.
Kai sold their clothes to the bidder at an auction when they didn't fit.
Casey paid Jesse for the items they bought from them.
Aubrey was walking in the park one day. Aubrey met a stranger at the park when she stopped at the pond.
Alex helped Casey escape from the jail cell.
Carson tried to fight Robin last night while they were at a bar.
Carson ate Bailey's candy and took a nice long nap after eating the candy.
Kendall grabbed Jordan's hands because Jordan was going to cross the street without looking.
Quinn was starting to get the strength back in his legs after months of physical therapy.
Jordan felt bad after vandalizing a building so they paid their debt to society by cleaning up everything they had done.
Jan and their partner were going to a big new year's party at a bar downtown. Jan decided to leave the car keys at home and take a taxi.
Tracy saw a robbery so he ran for his life to the police station where he was asked to fill out a report about the crime.
Kendall's shirt was very expensive, and they lost it over there.
Lee challenged her to a fight by pointing his sword in her direction.
Alex had been caught up in many crimes so one day Alex escaped to Mexico.
Sydney appeared wounded, on the ground, so Kia Crowded around Sydney to assess the damage.
Taylor wanted to break up Kai's romance with Tom, and spread rumors.
Robin let Carson explain to their parents what had happened at school.
Sasha heard a rumor and acted on it and saved their company from destruction.
Riley sold Sydney's painting to the bidder, but they didn't have enough money.
Casey's children were playing in a park next to Jesse's house.
Sydney went to our family farm, taking the trash with her, and set it on fire on the ground.
Austin was having a great day and felt wonderful.
Austin just proved a way to predict cancer rates irrefutably.
Carson dropped the whole pizza on the floor. Carson was at a friend's house.
Robin has been sick in the ER and Alex has been right there by her side but he had to leave to go to work.
Robin called up Jan's friends for a girl's night out and went out.
Quinn was slicing ham at the deli, so Quinn turned the scale on.
Quinn returned the tools back to the rightful owner.
Sasha's team was playing terrible so took it upon herself to take over.
Bailey was at his friends house one day when the house next door caught on fire.
Ash was moving out of his apartment. Taylor came over to help Ash move.
Quinn climbed into bed because she had a bad headache.
There was a thunderstorm and Skylar's kids were scared. She made them hot chocolate and read them a story to ease their minds.
Quinn got two jobs and finally moved to a new house.
Aubrey wanted to go for an evening run since they were off from work.
Jordan left early from wrok in the summer while it was still sunny out.
Riley was the best of friends with the boy next door.
The man commented inappropriately on the outfit that Sasha was wearing that day.
Carson collected baseball cards and eventually sold the collection for a large sum of money.
Alex was checking for breast cancer so they grasped both of their breasts firmly.
Remy got a ride from their friends to school this morning.
Jordan gave Casey the runaround when Casey asked them what they were doing.
Tracy understood Casey's mood better than any of the other girls in the school.
Riley had just turned 14 and spent at least two hours in the bathroom getting ready every day. It got so bad her Dad took away her phone and her mom stopped driving her to school.
Lee spent the whole night trying to beat the boss on level 4.
Kendall kept the ball rolling on the project and was rewarded with a big bonus by the boss.
Jordan took their mother to the shoe store that she did not like going to.
Taylor loved to read to their child every night, and having read so many books over the years, Taylor filled Kai's mind with stories.
Tracy put her jacket in the laundry and it hadn't been washed yet. Tracy wore Sydney's jacket to school instead.
Jordan took the man to the shoe store late Saturday afternoon.
Sydney played to Kendall's heart with the song they wrote for them.
Robin took the Math test at face value because it was based on logic.
Remy carried their orders into execution after being convicted of murdering their partner in cold blood.
Taylor is baby on the train. The train got stuck in a tunnel and Taylor began crying. As time went on, Taylor got louder.
Ash wanted his kids to understand why they were in trouble, so he got to the point.
Jordan had to walk home, but it was cold, so he walked home fast.
tracy held a baby for 9 months and then gave birth to addison.
tracy heard the news so she shook jan's head sadly.
Aubrey lived in Carson's environment, which was uncomfortable and filthy and something to be avoided.
While at a Christmas party, Jan went into labor and gave birth to a daughter that day.
Austin always ate steak whenever he went out to a restaurant for food.
Quinn colored their hair and it turned out very nice as a result.
Skylar always arrives 15 minutes early for class, takes extensive notes, and studies hard before tests.
Austin got to warm to wear his sweater and decided to take it off.
Alex started going into labor, so she went to the hospital where she gave birth to Sasha.
Alex called my parents to inform them that I was safe at their house.
Jordan was mentioned in Casey's chapter but the description of her wasn't very flattering.
Sydney went trick or treating and went to every house in the neighborhood.
Remy was not supposed to do it, but he gave you Skylar's netflix account and pretended it was his own.
Carson was wrongfully convicted for a crime. Taylor proved Carson's point last night and the judge agreed.
Skylar got a cast on their arm after they went to the doctor.
Austin spent all of their money trying to win big at the casino, now they are hungry and don't have money to eat so the next stop is the pawn shop.
Bailey held Aubrey's breath until she stopped breathing.
Addison liked to go and pick apples. They got apples the other day.
Kendall grabbed Jordan's hands tightly after Jordan proposed marriage to Kendall.
Alex knocked on wood after seeing a cat walk past him.
Cameron's friends were running outside and Cameron got out of their way.
Jordan wanted to try something new to pass the time  so he went to a baseball card shop.
Jordan's smoking had negative affects on the health of the children.
Lee saved Kai's car from destruction by preventing a car accident.
Bailey passed Jesse's examination because they knew they were fine.
Addison regarded every comment very seriously and listened to all the instructions.
Bailey worked very hard on the company project and got a promotion at work.
Sasha gave Robin their number after meeting them at the bar.
Sasha had a plane to catch, so Sasha left the house within hours of waking up.
Sydney takes their school work very seriously, they have just heard about a big test.
Skylar gave Austin some pills because Austin had a severe headache and did not have any pills.
Casey went Jesse's way home. He knew not to argue with Jesse.
Kendall altered Lee's course. Lee was off on the wrong path at a young age.
Aubrey was stressed about losing out on the promotion. To relax, Aubrey swam in the pool.
Sydney asked mom if Ash could have a dollar to buy candy for herself.
Aubrey wanted to go in the pool but she was full of dirt. Robin went and changed Aubrey's clothes before she went swimming.
Bailey agreed to a date with their boss then had second thoughts and decided not to show up.
Tracy took Jesse's students on a field trip and covered the expenses for everyone.
Jesse stood Cameron up at the restaurant on their date.
Lee left a mess upon Ash and had to clean the mess for a few hours.
Bailey expressed their thoughts in words.  He was always very expressive.
Jordan watched Alex's every look at the party he went to for school graduation.
Jesse had been sick for several weeks, but after taking new medication, Jesse was feeling much better.
Skylar sold homemade sculptures, and her family and friends bought them to be supportive.  In a week's time all of the sculptures disintegrated into dust.
kai was scared so he sat in austin's lap.
Alex was wondering how to send the document to Bailey. Bailey told Alex to send the pdf.
Jan came over one night and searched the house because she was scared a robber could their.
Taylor is going to go hiking in the woods.
Kai gave Sydney a push, after Sydney was too slow getting out of the way.
Alex wanted to learn how to play the guitar on his own and set the plans into motion.
Remy saved the apartment from destruction by holding a protest on the steps.
Remy gave birth to a baby girl even though Remy thought they would have a boy.
Sydney put on their clothes and the boys got ready for school.
Tracy had the world by the tail after she managed to do everything at work.
A big dog started chasing Tracy in the park so Tracy ran for their life to their car and jumped in to get away from the dog.
Jan made friends with Taylor. Jan now goes to Taylor´s house everyday to play video games.
Ash tried to redeem himself after he missed an open shot in the game.
Taylor taught math in the schools every day as a vocation to make money.
Jordan was being loud and kept Carson up all night.
Sasha broke Kai's violin bow and tried to hide it from her.
Sasha works at the doctor's office.  She protected the patient's information.
There was a thunderstorm and Skylar's kids were scared. She made them hot chocolate and read them a story to ease their minds.
Addison kept their kids well behaved and taught them good manors.
Addison believed in the goodness of each person and regarded every person as a friend.
Alex paid extra money to get more secret details about the game strategy.
Bailey told Aubrey she saw the thief taking candy in the aisle.
Sasha was working hard for a long time and wanted a break. They spent a weekend traveling.
Austin had a rough day at work and decided to go to the bar. Austin had a drink that night.
Since Kai was feeling confused while trying to present problems in front of the class, Kai makes things up as they go along.
Jordan was so good at painting portraits that they made it their career.
Addison was at the shop and picked up groceries the other day then drove them back home and put them in the frigdge and cupboards.
Skylar had tooth pain and found out they needed a root canal.
skylar went shopping with friends in order to buy expensive clothes even though their friends were poor.
Riley began to hurt inside.
Tracy gave video games to my friend when they were done with them.
Riley played a role in the revolution because he gaved the army weapons and suppliles.
Cameron had a tooth that was bothering him. Cameron phoned the dentist about it.
Sasha improved Jordan's status when they were seen together.
Remy joined a band who needed a talented drummer.
Skylar offered Riley resistance after Riley wanted to take Skylar out to a new bar.
Taylor based it on their experience of being kidnapped and held for ransom.
Riley's ex was secretly cheating on them and Aubrey knew but never told Riley.  Aubrey was glad when Riley finished with them.
Alex listened to a lecture before a big test. Alex paid attention to the details and got an A.
Carson's mother does not allow them to play video games. Carson's mother found out that Carson was at a friend's house playing video games.
Kai had some choice words to say but she decided to keep the language in check.
Alex rendered Sasha's car washing service despite the rain that was soon to come.
Remy did not have a ride to the fair and called all her friends bugging them to give her a ride.
Tracy gave birth to Addison and was very proud of her new child that day.
Carson was home alone for a while listening to his music, when he saw that his mom had come home from work, and looked to be in a foul mood.
Skylar knew they were nervous and he wanted to ease their minds.
Remy got very dark after drinking by himself all night long.
Aubrey ignored the call that she got from Riley that was about the upcoming party.
Robin went with Jan's friends to the park to play some games for hours.
Sydney is Alex's mother and personal caregiver after Alex was paralyzed from the neck down.  They help Alex communicate with people, and they were both at a Dairy Queen being asked by the cashier if they wanted extra fries.
Taylor attended their father's concert and was very impressed that their father performed so well.
Addison and their friends were playing hide and seek at recess. Addison ran away to go find a hiding place.
Bailey was a good basketball player who had a special shot in their arsenal.
Bailey studied the book carefully in preparation for the end of course exam.
Cameron interpreted science in terms of objectiveness and rules.
Sydney set Skylar's phone on edge just a small hairline over falling over the desk.
Kai talked about politics with their friends to try and stay informed.
Sydney made some friends at their new place that they were working.
Tracy the bus driver took Jesse's students on a field trip to a remote location.
Alex loved to watch tv so he spent most of his time up in his room with it on.
Addison was listening to music very loudly. They turned their music down.
Jordan wanted to try something new to pass the time  so he went to a baseball card shop.
Jan said walk back to the students who were being disruptive and loud.
Austin had things to do after school and always ate late.
Growing up, Sydney had always wanted to be a lawyer. So, when she got to college, she took school very seriously. Because of this, during her senior year she felt like she had a good chance at getting into law school.
Skylar heard a commotion from a room no students are supposed to be in, he entered the room and found some.
Sydney woke up and was ready to start the day. They put on their clothes.
Casey was hungry so they put food into the oven to cook.
Aubrey asked Sydney to estimate the cost of the damage to her car.
Remy gave Skylar, the concierge, her account so that she could check into the hotel.
Kendall walked their dog home in the pouring rain and thunder and lightning.
Skylar found a child standing in the airport alone and tried to find their parents.
Aubrey and Ted was on a fishing trip when a shark hit the boat and Aubrey fell out of it.
Riley regarded Jesse, but Jesse was annoyed that they were being watched.
While everyone else stood around trying to figure out the instructions by themselves, Taylor gave help to a friend and they completed the task first.
Sydney rubbed Addison's head because she had a horrible headache.
Kai watched videos on youtube and there was one they really liked.
Robin put their hand on Addison's wrist to keep Addison from shaking uncontrollably.
Quinn climbed into bed after a full, busy day of work.
Bailey destroyed the enemy's weapons when playing a video game with friends.
Casey decided that he would be better off if he broke up with his girlfriend.
Alex answered Riley's question about the math problem for homework that night.
cameron was challenged to a dual so he had to put up or shut up.
Quinn went to work the next day after they went on vacation over the weekend.
Riley got dressed up for a night out. Riley went out with some friends dancing.
Addison had taken Casey's money without her permission. Addison knew she may get in trouble for this.
Carson was a week away from finals, but went over his friends every day to play video game.
Taylor gave her friend a present for their birthday that year.
Remy challenged them to a game of racquetball at the local YMCA gym.
Remy and their friends were playing hide and seek in Remy's house. When they finished playing, it was very dark outside.
Riley wanted to ask their friends advice about what to do for a job.
Aubrey kept the baby up at night but was ready to put her down for a nap now.
Jan decided on Friday to light a fire under the brush in her pit in the backyard.
Riley regarded Jesse with gentle eyes before asking him out.
Jesse was taking a class and he really admired his professor. To impress them, Jesse studied a lot, and as a result, Jesse did well on the test and his professor congratulated him.
Sasha got revenge on the people who had stolen the car from her.
It had been a very long 9 months but it was finally time, Jan gave birth to a daughter that day.
Kai showed Jan how to do her job properly so she didn't get in trouble.
Skylar got a cast on her leg after she broke it while skateboarding.
Tracy took Jesse's students on a field trip because Jesse was not feeling well.
Alex was saving up for a new car. Alex sold books on amazon.
Robin and Casey were trying to come up with a plan. Casey did not like any ideas. Robin proposed another idea.
Remy gave birth to a healthy baby girl at the hospital just earlier today.
Riley gave Jesse a scornful look after Jesse mishaved.
Aubrey met a friend at the park and they decided to go play baseball.
Riley was a cop and therefore regarded Jesse with observant eyes.
Bailey moved the goalposts so they could make a field goal from farther.
Kai was not happy with how things were going, and Cameron took Kai's complaint seriously.
Robin put their hand on Addison's wrist so Addison could not escape the situation.
Remy paid her taxes and her friend asked her why she did that.
Lee came up with an idea to solve the issue of dehydration worldwide.
Bailey forgot to bring the present to a birthday party.
kai was an outrageous fool so he stole carson's tools.
Teaching the anatomy class, Lee touched a nerve to demonstrate.
Kendall increased to Skylar's rate and felt that Skylar was too expensive and wanted to charge less themselves.
Riley turned the stove off every time she finish cooking.
Tracy wore Sydney's jacket to school because it was very cold outside that day.
Skylar has been working every day at getting her blackbelt and finally joined Sasha as having one.
Jordan brought a bag of food for their school lunch period today.
Alex was Sydney's coworker. Sydney was lazy and gave Alex a command.
Casey went on Jesse's way and then told them that they love them very much.
Taylor attended their father's concert and was very proud of him.
Ash decided to meal prep on Sunday to save time. So, Ash had sandwiches to eat every day of the week.
Addison was playing a game of poker and noticed Austin standing in the background watching on but too shy to ask to play.
Taylor repeated the Lord's request so that everyone would know what to do.
Jesse needed to call his mom to pick him up and realized he lost his phone.
Ash redeemed themselves after retaking the test they failed.
Kendall won the competition easily because of her performance that day.
The security guard tried to tackle Riley, but Riley got free of the guard.
Quinn got into a fight with a friend bringing up the past and rubbed salt in the wound.
Tracy threw doubts on the history that was taught in books.
Remy prevented them from engaging by keeping them away from each other.
Kendall didn't get the job because of footage that was caught of them shoplifting.
Carson is a dedicated man of his trade that likes building things with his hand. His son, Kai, often assists with tools in the workshop.
Carson gave their friend some milk when they were thirsty.
Alex bought a new watch for their friend that they loved a lot and wanted to see happy.
Robin swings the car door open after they arrive to the new mall in town.
Cameron made out of the store like a bandit with the items that they lifted.
Kai decided to stay at the hotel for another week.
The baseball game was intense, but in the end, Sasha saved their team from destruction.
Cameron knew what he wanted to do this weekend since he loved being outside so much.
Remy gave Casey's version of the story and Casey expressed gratitude before taking questions.
Remy made hay getting home from school on Friday the 13th.
Sasha hated her neighbours dog as it barked all day and night so after going to the shop and buying poisonous slug pellets, Sasha gave the dog some pills.
After starting the bar fight Kai told Riley that he had better go quickly.
Riley regarded Jesse's test paper with observant eyes to ensure accurate grading.
Skylar worked night shift and had just finished and driven home so when they got there they lay down pulled the shade over their eyes.
Casey looked a lot like her mother because they had similar facial features and the same hair.
Ash wore a dress to his friends costume party.
Sasha spent Austin's time trying to get them to agree to a purchase that they didn't want.
Riley had fallen to the ground and let out a scream of pain.
Riley is trying to teach Sasha how to swim underwater.
To celebrate their twenty first birthday, Sasha spent a weekend with family at the beach.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools for him because Carson could not get them.
Alex made Casey escape jail because the guards werent watching.
Kai improved Jan's work, but then Jan stopped talking to Kai anyway.
Kendall opened their mouth to speak about their beliefs, which happened to go against the beliefs of everyone else in the room.
Austin offered Sydney a position because they knew Sydney was tire of living with their parents.
Kai was finally on vacation and went to the beach. Kai felt relaxed laying in the sun.
Even though Ash already knew about the surprise party, Ash threw up their arms anyway, acting surprised to make the kids happy.
Lee gave his friend a special gift of a rare and collectible acoustical guitar.
Riley went out with some good friends to celebrate Riley's upcoming promotion at work.
Sydney set the brush and trimmed branches on fire in the fire pit.
Austin took the family out for dinner to their favorite downtown restaurant.
Jordan taught art in schools to pass their love of creating and drawing to others.
Skylar lent little attention to the view of the house while touring it for a home purchase.
Jesse was having a difficult time remembering information so he made notes throughout his book.
Kai and his friend crowded around Sydney to shield her from onlookers after split her pants.
carson took his son to the eye doctor instead of going to the birthday party for their other child.
Alex carried Robin into the execution when Robin refused to walk.
Kai told Kendall the reason they stole money from Kendall was because Kai didn't deserve it.
Bailey and Jesse both studied hard for the big exam.
Robin went to the gym from work and spent all evening there before getting home late.
Jordan made their friends laugh with a joke they told.
Cameron shook Carson's head because he didn't believe the story.
Lee solved the world's water problem when he invented a new pump.
After the interview went well, Carson shook Jan's hand again.
Jesse asked Addison's friends to go to the woods with him.
Aubrey swam in the pool after eating a meal from mcdonald's recently.
Bailey saved money because they wanted to buy something good.
Jan used Robin's approach on how to make money at the company.
Ash performed better after drinking coffee, but had to give it up due to acid reflux.
Jan had to move to another city for work but always visited home for christmas.
Aubrey was having a sleepover in Casey's but during the night Aubrey got sick and was throwing up in the bathroom so Casey called Aubrey's parents to collect Aubrey.
After getting a passport and plane tickets, Casey visited another country.
Knowing that the assignments are part of the semester grade, Sydney took schoolwork seriously.
Robin wanted to go out for the night so she went with Jan and her friends.
Carson ate the candy Bailey gave them and it was really good.
Robin went to the polls and posted her ballot for the candidate she wanted.
Tracy went camping during the weekend because he wanted to get away.
Kai would fall down because they don't know how to properly ice skate.
It had been a long hard battle but now Riley laid down their arms.
Riley said it was better to go than to stay at the party.
Jesse was a new person who just started at Riley's work.  Riley had heard rumors that Jesse was hoping to get the management position that Riley secretly had their heart set on.
Carson enjoyed sports and liked to watch the games. They collected baseball cards.
Kai handed back the money when the cashier gave him too much change back.
Austin decided to attend his law school reunion which was held last Saturday evening.  Austin enjoyed meeting up with former classmates.
Jesse went a bit far when they were drinking at the bar.
Quinn wore jeans the next day after being warned it violated the dress code.
Bailey went away for a few weeks with family on a vacation and had a wonderful time on their trip.
Carson was trying to study for a big test, so Carson turned Sydney's music down.
Robin walked the same route to school with Jan's friends.
Robin went with Jan's friends to the school carnival.
Jesse got the results for the test and got an A as a grade.
Robin took the test quickly because they wanted to pass quickly with flying colors.
Addison had finished a semester of school. They left for home.
Austin wrapped a belt around the waist of the bull rider.
Tracy took Sydney to school after Sydney missed the school bus this morning.
Quinn afforded every nice meal after getting a substantial raise at work.
Kendall kept the ball rolling and asked the next contestant a question.
Quinn murders Remy's wife after Remy stole a lot of money from the family.
Taylor caught their boyfriend sending texts to another girl.
Riley told her dog Lee to "stay" so he didn't follow her down the street.
Kendall bought anything required because they knew that failure wasn't an option.
During the speech, Remy gave Casey's interpretation of the situation to the guests.
Robin took a very long time to clean the windows of her house.
Whenever opportunity arises, Riley prefers driving himself to any destination. He just makes sure he studies the map carefully with the aid of the GPS.
Bailey was a fast learner.
Sasha worked as a nurse and often stepped in and protected patients rights.
Jesse ate their cereal and didn't leave any for everyone else.
While at summer camp, Remy had a ton of fun and made more friends.
Ash made a mistake but then they redeemed themselves.
Alex was wondering how to send the document to Bailey. Bailey told Alex to send the pdf.
Robin left the food so that the cats would have something to eat.
Alex paid attention to the details and answered the trick question on their science exam correctly.
Ash did know how to react so he accepted Alex's invitation.
Tracy crowded around the group to tell them her funny story.
Lee is great on remembering difficult numbers or is he .
Jan was new to the neighborhood and went out running one morning. Jan found new friends in the neighborhood on her run.
Kendall wrapped a bandage around my neck after getting injured in a fight.
Cameron won last year's race by a nose. This year Cameron trained extra hard for the race.
Robin had a hard time understanding the concept, so she let Carson explain it more thoroughly.
Jesse used Kendall's phone even after Kendall said they did not have permission to.
Kai was thirteen and had outgrown their shoes over the past year.
Jesse lived with their wife in a tiny apartment and really wanted to adopt some kids.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools and put them away because Carson was too lazy to do it themselves.
Cameron took Carson away for a long time after the death of his mother.
After accidentally spilling water on his jeans, Jesse went too far when he yelled at his brother.
Lee touched a nerve is his wife we he complained about her cooking.
Tracy wore Sydney's jacket to school without asking for permission.
Sasha improved Jordan's status and he received a promotion because of it.
Robin held her breath underwater in the pool.
Sydney provided Aubrey an estimate of the price for building the house.
Jordan always.wanted to help people, so he decided to study medice to work in a hospital.
Jordan ran quickly to the store down the street.
Bailey felt bad. He overslept and missed his appointment for the job interview.
Kendall was a bad cook. They burned water and ruined the recipe for ice.
Carson was at a friend's house. The others didn't really like him except for his friend.
Jodans mother had a birthday. They took their mother to the shoe store.
Someone has been stealing money from Riley. Riley leaves money on the counter in the kitchen and watches Jesse closely.
Alex saw someone behaving very stupidly so Alex made a deprecating comment.
Jan's friends have been paying more attention to Robin lately.
Tracy walked my dog home that day and got some food and water for the dog too.
Taylor was close to winning the game. Taylor ran straight for home plate.
Riley is a supervisor of Jesse, and is charged with making sure merchandise is not damaged.
kendall was married two times already, and had two kids.
Carson was at a friend's house playing video games when they decided to order pizza.
Due to his friend's flight being delayed, Cameron decided to pick Robin up from the airport.
Due to her old fashion views, many people think Riley's ideas have gone the way of the dodo.
Remy paid Aubrey's taxes since she already owed money.
Taylor got married but decided to keep her identity and last name.
Addison needed to find someone he could trust when he found God.
Robin had fasted for 30 days and nights as part of a religious feast.
Alex put stamps on their wrists while they were in line for the concert.
Cameron pushed Carson so hard that it shook their head back and forth.
Casey visited a friend in the UK and one in Ireland.
Remy took this suggestion seriously because it was coming from their manager.
Quinn threw the frisbee so the dog could play with it.
Austin interfered with Sydney's attempt to rehearse for a dance recital.
Aubrey fed Tracy's kids lunch today while Tracy was at work.
Ash used metaphor and meaning through out his book.
After a long trip Carson finally arrived at a friend's house.
Riley screamed in pain and waited for help to arrive before getting up.
Remy reviewed the lecture from class, and now Remy understood every word.
sasha was asked to join the revolution so sasha fulfilled their purpose.
Having reached a major weight loss goal, Kai chose to purchase new clothes to celebrate.
Riley got free of the guard and ultimately was able to make her escape.
Robin had been away for two weeks on his honeymoon.  Cameron picked him up on his return home.
Sydney guessed the ending of the speech and ruined it for the others.
Taylor shoved the donut into Jan's open mouth, and Jan got a hunk of the donut caught in their throat.
Aubrey understood Remy better this time after he repeated himself twice.
Kendall took the issue seriously because it was something that was criminal.
Kai was babysitting her younger brother Kai when it began to storm.  Kai kept Taylor calm by making popcorn and putting his favorite movie on television.
Sydney took the trash to the burn barrel then set the trash on fire.
Sydney wanted to be a doctor so they knew that they had to work very hard in school to get the right grades to get in to university to study medicine.
Jordan mentioned Casey in chapter one, because he is planning on bending the knee with a ring in hand very soon.
Casey decided to learn about cooking so she took a Saturday evening cooking class instead of spending time with her boyfriend.
Quinn decided for a change so they colored their hair red.
Jesse used notes throughout this book and was going to use them to study.
Addison was watching women at a fashion show. They regarded every girl.
Robin left Tracy's home late at night and began the long walk home.
Addison was mad at the character so they threw a pie at them.
Alex helped Casey escape from harms way to keep them safe.
Sydney had a christmas party for her coworkers at the restaurant.
Robin let Carson take the lead on the project and take most of the credit.
Lee punched Mike because he had been insulting him at school.
After reading Casey's graduate thesis, Remy gave Casey a different interpretation in an effort to help improve the thesis.
Jesse stood by Cameron instead of the other people at the show.
Jordan talked behind Ash's back to say mean things about her.
Riley is the most popular student in the school.
Jordan brought the family for a day out at the beach but when they got there Jordan realised that they had left the food at home for the picnic.
Addison was already full from lunch but ate the cereal anyway.
Jordan won a car and could not believe his luck.
Robin proposed another idea and suggested going to the movies.
Riley was more competent than her manager, but the manager was so arrogant Riley could not get a word in edgewise.
Jesse set Robin's house on fire when Robin would not run away with him.
Skylar put their mind to rest by making sure everything was safe in the house.
Sydney was responsible for picking up the mail from the post office. She dropped the box her Grandma sent her full of good china on the way to the car.
Sasha gave their sister some of their Adderal pills to help her concentrate better.
Aubrey was coming from school in her uniform so Robin had to change Aubrey's clothes before the recital.
Ash wore a dress and all of his friends laughed at him.
Carson was visiting.
Carson turned music down to go to college instead.
Jesse made judgments upon Lee without really knowing him at all.
Kai handed back the money when he got his car back from the buyer.
Jesse showed Sydney's friend her new cat after the friend showed interest in cats.
Kai sat in Austin's lap because she wanted to show him more affection.
Kendall was paired with a very lazy team at work. Kendall kept the ball rolling on the group project.
Jordan affected the children's happiness by taking away all their games.
Alex looked it up online to see what the recipe required.
Austin gave Sydney a job interview and they offered Sydney a position.
The teacher offered to give out notebooks and Taylor asked the teacher for one.
Jordan was walking home with their friends after school.
riley was a distrustful person so he regarded jesse with suspicious eyes.
Lee saved Kai's homework from destruction after the dog grabbed it off of the table.
Sasha wetted the bed because they had a bad dream.
Sydney had a Christmas party and invited over a guy that she really liked.
Alex went to the beach and took a long walk on the short pier.
Sydney's painting was sold to the bidder after Riley declared to sell it.
Kendall bought anything required for a fun night on the town.
Bailey picked out her baby's name months ago and was ready to give birth.
Ash threw up their arms because their friend treated them disrespectfully while hanging out together.
Robin let Carson explain themself because it only seemed fair to hear their side of the story.
Sydney felt bad afterwards when she hurt her friend's feelings.
Bailey was busy. They hired Tracy as an assistant to help them out.
Riley had their arms raised for most of the concert, but lowered them toward the end.
Cameron had a pain in their mouth that was not going away, they called the dentist.
Casey was grading a paper that put effort in to the length. They took it into account.
Kai handed back the mail after seeing if she got the check she was waiting for.
Robing was rushing to clean the kitchen and accidentally left food out.
Sydney rubbed Addison's head, especially her eyebrows, trying to make her go to sleep.
It was summertime and Bailey was tired of having hair on the back of their neck. Bailey went to a salon and had their hair chopped short.
Cameron took Kai's complaints seriously and told Kai that they were in love with Kai.
Tracy enjoyed constructing things and made a table.
Robin took their history test seriously by studying hard the night before.
Alex paid attention to the details when he took his school exam.
Cameron rode Jan's motorcycle and thought they might get one for themself.
Riley was trying to defend themselves, but they were not able to get a word in edgeways.
Carson got in his car and drove to visit his dad.
Riley broke loose from the house. He thought he would never get out of there.
Remy noticed that the people were about to fight. Remy prevented the people from engaging.
Robin told Carson that they needed some help with moving to a new home.
Skylar wanted to go out without her mother's permission, so she pulled the wool over her eyes.
Robin took it at face value after being misled before about the same subject.
Taylor laid around and fell asleep. She woke up late for work.
kai was overweight so he decided to spend several hours exercising.
Riley regarded Jesse with suspicious eyes as Jesse was trying to put some food in his pocket at the store.
Aubrey kept the baby up at night while she played loud music on her guitar.
Sydney threw a big party because her friends and family were coming to town for vacation.
Sydney ate their candy while they were at the movies and then ran out.
Cameron took the children. He was a kidnapper and a child molester and the cops were on his trail.
riley was hungry so she caught fish and made them in the kitchen.
Riley cried after Jesse said something.
Robin took into account the mitigating factors when considering the situation.
Skylar could not hang the moon but they could turn silver into gold.
Cameron took the children to school in the morning when they missed the bus.
Sydney closed Sasha's mouth because Sasha was talking way too much.
Jesse had made popcorn for Jesse and Lee.
Austin blew smoke after smoking on a cigarette for a few seconds.
Quinn threw the frisbee and it landed far out in the water.
sasha had enough, she gave the man her two cents and let him have it .
quinn became friends with a cool guy who had a house so quinn moved into the house.
Sasha spent Austin's money trying to win a prize even when the odds were stacked against her.
Quinn was outside and threw the frisbee to their friend while they were playing.
Robin raked some leaves and the strong wind blew them all around the area.
Cameron took their responsibilities seriously to the point that he would get up an hour early.
Kendall removed the president from power by using the power of a coup.
robin changed aubrey's clothes before the recital even though it made them late for a meeting at work.
Quinn used a gun to murder Remy's wife while she and Remy and Remy were asleep in bed.
Robin let Carson explain it more thoroughly to the client after there was some confusion.
Jordan taught art in schools for a living as an art teacher.
Robin refused to pay her share of the meal even though everybody had agreed beforehand.
Bailey saw someone in Aubrey's locker, so they told Aubrey what they saw.
Riley careful kept watch of and observed Jesse and their actions with her eyes.
Carson was starting a new job at the day care. Carson took care of children at a past job.
Remy got very dark because it is late at night.
Carson was at a friend's house playing video games when the others discussed being hungry for pizza.
Kendall poured water on the fire before going to sleep.
Carson gave her some milk. The cat was very thirsty and a stray.
Sydney was a helpful, so she asked her mother for her Brother ash is he could have one more piece of pie.
Quinn stood corrected after giving the wrong answer in class that day.
Jesse had struggled in school but decided to study hard for her math final. She did great on her test and got an A.
Cameron and Casey were soulmates, because Cameron gave Casey a sense of belonging.
Kai thought about leaving the bar, but their friends convinced them to stay.
Riley was tasked with selling Sydney's house. Riley sold the house to the highest bidder.
Sasha bought a new home because the government was going to destroy her other one.
Casey came home from work, took out the chicken and put it into the oven.
Robin always gets pizza on the way home from work for her family on Fridays.
Kendall kept the conversation going by asking opened ended questions.
Skylar lent attention to the view even though she hated the view.
Lee wore a jacket to school when everyone else was in t-shirts.
Quinn wore jeans to school the next day even though the doctor told him not to because of swelling.
Tracy bought an old house and spent months remodeling it.
Cameron saw what happened and gave Casey a sense of events they saw.
Jan and her best friend Kai met in elementary school and have been friends for 20 years.
Alex was very observant.
Kai went to the movies and saw the new Lee movie.
Kai and Skylar were good friends. Kai had finally worked up the courage to ask Skylar on a date. They gave Skylar a meaningful gift to test the waters.
Remy knew that Ash didn't have any camping experience so they set up Ash's tent.
Robin finished the big group project and she thanked Tracy for her contributions.
Two people were showing off their dance moves. Tracy crowded around them so she could see.
Lee sold things at the market because they were strapped for cash.
Jan gave the entire class an F on the assignment.
Aubrey set the car on fire after she found out he was cheating.
Quinn turned the scale on, then hesitated to get on, afraid of the results.
Quinn stole a phone from Casey and then showed it off to Casey's friends.
Cameron talked about Aubrey behind Carson's back all night at the Christmas party at Steve's.
taylor looked hotels up online for their friends so the trip could be planned in advance.
Aubrey never told Riley the answer about the person who died in the lake last year.
Carson thought it was a bad idea to drink and drive, and Taylor proved Carson's point last night.
Riley talked to their friends about the big dance this coming Friday evening.
Austin predicted that the virus would be found in patients in the hospital where he worked.
robin found the answer to her homework online.
Sasha increased the pay rate of their employees.
Riley regarded Jesse with observant eyes while he cheated on the test.
Casey saved some money and eventually bought a new car.
Alex owned a bookstore and had a lot of books, Alex also sold books on amazon.
Jordan gave Casey the runaround so Jordan bought his movie tickets anyway and would see it alone if Casey did not show up.
Carson grew dark after his parents died in an accident.
Lee tried to remain calm when nobody answered the phone call.
Cameron got out of their way when they were walking by.
Taylor was a math wiz who had just gotten a job in the city school.
Jordan talked behind Ash's back with his coworkers.
Lee challenged her to a fight after she kept on making rude comments.
Carson angrily turned Sydney's music down without their permission in protest of the noise.
Riley and their neighbor were the best of friends.
Jan went to work on the morning of the party because she was called in.
Robin was on a diet.
Carson could not open the jar and began to become frustrated.
Robin made Taylor comment about the news because they wanted to know the truth about what they think.
Robin wanted to learn to swim and went to the pool and practiced.
Remy at some ice cream while watching their favorite show and relaxing on the couch.
Bailey drank milk every morning, and ended up having way too much calcium in their system.
Ash had sandwiches to eat every day and he started to feel sick and bloated, and also feel tired.
Robin wanted to share the food with a friend, so they cut the sandwich in half.
carson was bored so he went to a friend's house and played video games.
Jordan was mentioned in Casey's chapter because they were with Casey during the adventure.
Taylor proved Carson's point last night by showing that what he said was correct after all.
Addison prepared the paper for publication. She had been working on it for a long time.
riley was a distrustful person so he regarded jesse with suspicious eyes.
Cameron kept complaining so their friend told them they had to put up or shut up.
Riley fought Kendall in a battle after they had an argument.
Cameron gave Casey a pep talk and now has a sense of belonging in the group.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools for him after he left it in the park.
Remy saw some people playing tennis at the park. They challenged them to a game.
Taylor was trying to talk to her brother but the music was too loud. Taylor got louder as they raised their voice over the music.
Skylar gave Austin some pills so he could get high too.
Sydney took a class on plants at the college she went to.
Remy paid her taxes and her friend asked her why she did that.
Remy was working late in his office trying to catch up. He had a big stack of papers.
Skylar was having a hard time eating food because of tooth pain. Skylar went to the dentist to find out what was wrong.
Kendall watched baseball every week to cheer for their favorite team.
Aubrey worked their best and never received a raise.
Riley was the best of friends with the boy with cancer.
taylor just got hired but he was already best friends with a co-worker.
Remy gave Skylar's Netflix account password to one of Remy's other friends.
Skylar played some soccer with their friend after school that day and had fun.
Addison was at the carnival and stopped at a game. Addison threw a pie on the character to win.
Remy was playing a video game in their spare time. They prevented the enemies from engaging.
Riley grew very suspicious of Jesse because they snuck out every night at 11 PM.
Sydney felt so bad about the poor people and gave them a ton of money right away.
Jesse walked Addison's dog because she was on vacation.
Austin challenged Remy to a game of tennis at the city park on Saturday.
Remy was telling a story and told it like Casey does.
Kendall snatched the toy away and the baby started crying.
Quinn showed it off to Casey's friends in the birthday party.
Bailey told Alex to send the pdf because they didn't want to do it themselves.
Remy decided enough was enough after only attempting the challenge once.
Remy we out of her way to save the world from destruction.
Robin asked Cameron if they had been out and Cameron shook their head no.
riley came home and made some pie in the kitchen.
Skylar was about to go down the tall water slide but her arms needed to be on her chest.
Riley regarded Jesse with watchful eyes when she saw him steal from her store.
Austin challenged Remy to a game of hide and seek outside in the woods.
Taylor got drunk at their friend's party and become louder.
Carson looked into Robin's eyes and shook her head no after asking Carson out.
Aubrey and her friends stayed up all night having a slumber party, the house is now a wreck.
Quinn was worried about what the group was saying behind her back.  She depended on Taylor to tell her the truth.
Jesse went camping with Addison's friends.
Jesse was involved in a drug deal in a bad part of town.
Remy carried their plan of egging and toilet papering the girls fraternity house into execution.
Robin went with Jan's friends to the play and it was a big hoot.
Kendall said that nobody was to use their phone. Jesse used Kendall's phone anyway.
Carson's friend wanted something sweet to drink. Carson gave their friend some milk.
Robin went to Jan's friend's school when she was being bullied at her school.
Kai has to give a presentation in their class but Kai was not prepared.  Therefore, Kai makes things up as they go along.
Skylar and a friend played together. Skylar kept cheating to win no matter what.
riley was happy to socialize with others so she talked to her friends.
Jesse set Robin's suitcase on fire after their fight and messy breakup.
Ash was finally able to redeem himself after the belly flop at the swimming pool last weekend.
Alex answered Riley's question because he knew the answer.
Remy said he was the best chess player in the city, but Austin knew he was better.
Sasha's sister had a headache.  Therefore, they gave their sister some pills.
Jesse set Robin's case on fire. Robin was very angry and called the cops on her.
Aubrey had been sick for a long time and took medication for years.
Aubrey was a mess so Robin knew that the clothes need changed before the event.
Aubrey sounded good talking so they asked her to speak on behalf of the group.
Alex is a firefighter. He helped Casey to escape the fire.
Taylor pissed on Jesse's bonfire to put it out before it became out of control.
Jan came out at night to check the very loud noise from the street.
Remy watched a sad film then cried their eyes out afterwards.
Kai was a great improvisational guitar player; Kai made it up as Kai goes along.
Ash threw up their arms and just finally gave up on Sasha and her attitude.
Lee gave birth to many babies after a pregnancy that was long and hard.
Aubrey kept her friends up all night telling stories and having snacks.
Aubrey took many medications during the years and they had taken a huge toll on her body.
Quinn's friend got dumped by their partner but Quinn was not sympathetic infact they rubbed salt in the would.
Quinn got a new job in a different town so they moved to a new house.
Kai did not want to tell Kendall what the boys had said to spare her feelings but eventually he fessed up about the lies.
Robin was mad at someone from work, and she lost her cool.
Alex couldn't make up their mind one way or another about the important matter.
Aubrey poured the boiling water over the rice inside the bowl.
Aubrey had been the one to convince Riley's ex to break up with her, but never told for the truth about it.
In fit of rage, Quinn murdered Remy's wife who accused Quinn of stealing.
Aubrey is babysitting for her sister who has been exhausted lately because the baby stays up all night.
Jesse and Robin had been fighting so Jesse set Robin's hair on fire.
Lee reached his destination but had to make sure he locked up his bike before entering.
Casey told Addison's dad about the car. She felt he needed to know how the fender got damaged.
Casey wrapped her hands around Sasha and they hugged goodbye before leaving.
Sydney was sleeping at Sasha's house but Sasha kept snoring. Sydney reached over and closed Sasha's mouth.
Riley's brother was a gambler and petty thief. Riley went the way of her brother.
Lee made copies of the their poster before starting his mayoral campaign.
Jan was having guests from another country so Jan took them to NYC.
austin just got a new computer so the first thing he did was make an email.
Lee was being waited on my Taylors friend and tipped them well.
Alex helped Casey escape but they both got caught later.
Their friend asked them to take a look at the engine, so Taylor studied the car carefully.
Robin usually got the pizza because she was always ordered it.
Jesse was out sick for the day so Tracy was covering his class. She took his student's to the playground for recess.
Taylor gave help to a friend who was having trouble keeping up with their bills.
Taylor decided to host a game night at their house for everyone.
Taylor answered the door and saw the mailman with a box in his hand.
Tracy was driving to school and then decided not to go.
Alex left after he spilled some cream soda on the ground in the kitchen area.
Skylar was so excited that her mother bought her a new dress.
Alex paid the part time actor to go over the details of the play they were in.
Kendall was searching for ring with their eyes closed. They hit something.
Kendall was being careless and accidentally set fire to Sydney. Sydney had to go to the hospital because of the burns.
Ryan asked Casey to join Sasha's band after hearing him play his guitar.
casey was advised to murder his friend and he kept the possibility in mind.
Kendall opened her mouth to speak but realized she lost her voice.
Riley wanted to see her friend but couldn't and she began to hurt so bad.
Jan was nine months pregnant late in August of  the last year.
Jan saw that the road ended and all that remained was a cliff, she said turn back.
The kids were playing video games and were so close to beating the entire game so Jordan kept Carson up all night.
Ash was having a hard time setting up his tent in the woods. Remy helped set up Ash's tent for him.
Robin went with Jan's friends to rob a convenience store.
Taylor gave a book to a friend since they were done with it.
Cameron is very strong but loyal to friends.
Bailey asked Tracy to make it since she couldn't do it herself.
Remy decided enough was enough at her job that day.
Kai told Kendall the reason that Kai wanted to break up with them for.
Carson played a role in the war despite not agreeing with the reason.
aubrey was a naturally sick person and therefore she took many medications during the years.
Tracy ran for his life after trying to steal money from a bank that happened to have a police officer inside.
Casey told Addison's dad because they were annoyed and angry.
Kai gave Sydney a small push while they were playing at school and accidentally sent them falling into an abandoned well.
Riley began to hurt inside and decided to call the doctor.
Cameron went out of their way to help a friend who was in need of help.
There were not enough seats on the train for everyone, so Austin sat on Bailey's lap.
Lee found his friends wallet on the ground and ended up keeping all the money.
Sydney rubbed Addison's head.  She loved the feel of his bald pate.
Taylor was behind Carson 100% and was easily able to prove his point.
Cameron made a deal with the prosecutor for a lighter sentence if he informed on his fellow burglars.
Kendall accidentally set her school on fire when she went in to change a test.
Carson was at a friend's house when their parents were killed at their home.
Jesse set Robin's house on fire after finding out that she had been cheating on him for years.
Jordan took many public speaking classes, and as a result, Jordan was no longer nervous.
Addison ate their bread and drank a nice glass of water with the bread.
Ash spent time making sure people understood his work. Ash used metaphors throughout the book to connect with others.
Remy joined a band and was so good that he was offered a solo contract and took it.
On the occasion of their most recent birthday Taylor gave a book to a friend.
Taylor made a poisonous bracelet. Taylor put it on Sasha's wrist.
Taylor was very drunk and, after a fight, decided to piss on Jesse's bonfire.
Sydney was going to work on Aubrey's roof, so Sydney provided an estimate to Aubrey.
Austin stole the flag off the flagpole and wrapped it around his girlfriend's waist.
Jan found new friends in the neighborhood because she was new there.
After a long night of drinking and partying, Sasha wetted the bed.
Kai couldn't find an ingredient she really needed for a special dinner.
Riley bought a dog and he played with the dog for hours.
Jesse wanted to flunk Bailey for her bad behavior, but Bailey passed Jesse's examination.
Sydney had a christmas party at their house and everyone was going to exchange presents.
Tracy went out with their friends and ended up going home with them.
Quinn turned the scale upside down at the market angrily because he thought he was being cheated.
Ash always ate with her bed-bound mother.
Alex was ignoring Jordan yesterday, but Jordan demanded Alex's attention.
Kai told Kendall the reason so mad last night.
Ash used logical thought throughout the writing of the fantasy book.
Walking through the park, Bailey could hear the band that had trumpets.
Alex and Aubrey love challenging each other.  This time it is arm wrestling.
Cameron turned and looked at skylar in a way that was suggestive and not polite.
sasha was bored so she gave bob a haircut for free.
Sasha got revenge on the people by putting some sand in their food at lunch.
Taylor taught math in the schools after studying to be a teacher for four years.
Tracy gave birth to Addison in the hospital last week.
Cameron got to the yard and stopped the dog fight before someone else.
Riley ate a fish burger from a street vendor and at the time was concerned it didnt smell right but decided to eat it anyway.  Later that day he started to feel unwell.
Robin bought a new watch for Addison and put it on their wrist.
jan went to the same school for years so she was best friends with a girl.
Jesse paid another bill for the others so they wouldn't get kicked out.
Jan came over one night. The house was messy and smelled.
Remy was prepared for the test and they took it and got a very good grade on it.
Addison was at a party with friends but knew they had to get up early in the morning for work so Addison said their goodbyes then left for home.
Skylar wore it to school to show his school spirit on game day.
quinn was bored of wearing pants so she wore jeans to school the next day.
Alex walked Robin towards the execution chamber for her last meal.
Remy answered the silly question they were asked happily.
Kendall took Skylar's schedule into account when planning the trip for their summer vacation.
jordan went to prison for 25 years for armed robbery and paid their debt to society.
Addison had a day off work and decided to go to a theme park.
Alex went on a camping trip with their cousin. Alex grew closer to their cousin that weekend.
Remy took this job seriously and she was fired.
Riley was really hungry so she ate Jordan's bread.
Jan started to put the moves on the new boy at school because they were wildly attracted to the boy.
Jan went out with Quinn's friends and told them a lot of negative rumors about Quinn.
Austin interfered with Sydney by blocking her way to the teachers desk.
Skylar entered the principal's office at school to receive the appropriate discipline.
Taylor planned the trip on behalf of the entire group.
Because he was very good at throwing galas, and his best friend asked him, Lee planned a wedding.
Jordan loved photography and wanted to get a new equipment.
Kai lit a fire and it blew up.
Cameron picked Robin up from the airport, put her luggage in the trunk, and took her home.
Cameron took Kai's complaints of dangerous working conditions in the factory seriously.
Remy took this story into account and typed it into the computer that night.
Kai was saving for a car because theirs broke down, so Kai saved all their money.
Aubrey never told Riley the truth about what happened last night.
Lee challenged Rob to a fight after school for hitting on his girlfriend.
Taylor gave his friend a high five after his friend made a basket in their game.
austin was a attractive girl who had a crush on me, so she batted her eyelashes at me.
alex saw taylor last night while they were on a date with someone who wasn't their spouse.
Riley wanted to stop by the lake to feed the ducks so she took the long way home.
Jesse was teaching class and used the lessons through out the book.
taylor knew kai was ignorant so he filled kai's mind with dangerous ideas.
Jan moved to a new town and found to friends.
Kai sold his TV to the bidder on eBay after a month had passed.
Lee had moved away from home a few months ago and he had the blues.
Jan gave birth to his first a daughter last Monday.
Riley was the best of friends with his pals and had a good heart.
Aubrey was making extra money by babysitting Tracey's kids for the summer.
Carson put food on the table for their family and children at dinnertime.
Kai had got into bed and felt relaxed.
Riley saw Jesse and regarded Jesse with hurtful eyes after what happened.
Cameron continued playing with the ball even after it became deflated.
Cameron took Kai's complaints seriously after Kai came to her crying about the event.
Kendall and Jordan were at a scary movie and Kendall grabbed Jordan's hands.
Taylor attended their father's birthday party so that their father would feel that they were loved.
Taylor pissed on Jesse's bonfire after getting into a fight with Jesse over a girl.
Jesse made popcorn for them and Lee before they were going to watch a movie.
Carson gave her some milk to try to get the baby to stop crying.
Riley felt worse after staying up to late the night before.
Someone stole Kendall's purse and she was able to snatch it back right away.
Lee gave his mom a special gift for their birthday that year.
Alex was the grandmother of Sheila, who had two children but was a drug and neglected the kids.
Aubrey thought hard, then asked her parents for advice.
Carson had a stressful day at work, so Carson went to a friend's house to play video games.
Sydney opened a savings account after learning about getting interest on their money.
Lee had lost their job so they had a yard sell and sold things.
Tracy just got her driver's license and a new car. Tracy was driving to school now.
Jordan told a funny joke and his friends laughed very hard at it.
Riley took the highest bid and sold Sydney's house to the bidder.
Bailey passed Jesse an examination booklet during the final exam in biology class.
Alex is a politician in charge of his electoral district whole role affects the people around him.
Lee spent the whole night trying and after many hours finally solved the equation.
Kai observed and improved Jan's work.
Sydney gave a raise to all of the people that worked at her company.
Carson was trying to work a crossword puzzle and could not solve it; he was frustrated.
Kendall went to the movies with Jan's friends when Jan was away.
Jordan had a hard time empathizing with other people around them.
Jesse and Addison started dating.  Addison invited Jesse on a camping trip with their friends.
Carson took pictures of all of the children at the birthday party.
It was time to end work for Carson and Austin took over for them.
Cameron heard that they had gone missing and so he spent hours looking until he found Skylar's friends.
Quinn murders Remy's wife on that cold winters night in December.
Robin went with Jan's friends to school to register for classes.
Robin got gas at the gas station and payed for what they bought.
Robin pumped their gas at the station and spilled the gas on herself.
Austin blew smoke from his lips as he sat on the bench and puffed on his pipe.
Jesse likes going to school and has good grades. Jesse took a big test this morning and did well on the it.
The people bullied Sasha all her life. But Sasha got revenge on the people.
Jordan read a lot of books about his favorite hobby.
Austin wanted to celebrate his parent's 30 year wedding anniversary.
Addison was going to be working late. To help out, Jesse offered to walk Addison's dog.
Carson wanted to travel to Jesse so he got into the car.
After years of bullying in high school, Sasha graduated at the top of her class and got a great job. Sasha got revenge on the people.
Jordan made it their career by getting that new promotion.
Robin thanked Jordan for the dinner.
Jan found new friends who are more popular than previous friends had been.
Taylor was very much in love and got engaged.
Remy left school on account of their live being a total mess that needs to be figured out.
Jan visited her family for Christmas because she hadn't seen them in a very long time.
Sydney loved to dress up for Halloween, so Sydney went trick or treating.
Alex saw Taylor last night at the county fair rides.
Bailey told Aubrey she saw a thief run off into the night.
Casey was supposed to buy Jordan's car but every time Casey called Jordan had an excuse. Jordan was giving Case they runaround.
Riley and their friend were best friends.
Cameron took Jan's motorcycle for a spin without permission.
Jan was practicing her singing for the whole day.
Taylor looked the definition up online which was against the rules for the test.
Riley fought Kendall in a battle that left Kendall with an injured leg.
Sasha set their friend's house on fire to show them they did not like them.
Alex was looking for a knife they dropped. Alex searched the woods.
Jordan was getting hungry so he decided to grab a bite to eat.
Sasha was playing a game but they got tired of it.
Kai decided to stay in the hospital for his mom's operation.  She came out of it all right.
Cameron had hired Bailey to help with an important job and felt satisfied with Bailey's work.
Cameron went out of his way to avoid his teacher.
Aubery and Carson were dating and Cameron was angry about it.
Jordan took the man to the shoe store because the man was homeless and had worn down shoes.
Lee accidently met Austin at the park and they ended up having a great time together.
Quinn knew Ash well enough to know that they never would commit such a terrible crime.
Taylor looked up their friend on Instagram after he came back from vacation.
Feeling quite romantic over it all, Taylor gave their partner a kiss on the cheek.
She was staing overnight for the first time with her friends from the Brownie Troop.
Jan gave birth to her third child and the labor was especially painful and difficult.
After getting a feedback from their boss, Addison took their advice very seriously.
Sydney's mother brought them to the doctor's office for a shot. When it came time to get the shot, Sydney dug in their heels and refused.
Skylar rubbed their hands together but the people still looked very cold.
Cameron felt unhappy but playing with his puppy cheered him up.
tracy brought the kids to the party and everyone found the kids to be annoying.
Riley knew she could not beat Kendall, but she had no alternative, so she fought Kendall in a battle.
Jesse had a date with Cameron when her friend called to see if she wanted to go see Lady Gaga live. Instead of keeping her date Jesse stood Cameron up and went to the concert.
Lee gave Taylor's friend a tip at the restaurant that night.
Ash threw up their arms on the very fun roller coaster.
Quinn handed the book back to the librarian before reading it.
Lee found their friends outside and playing in the park nearby.
Casey never received attention from boys so she went to go get a new haircut.
It was almost time for Tracy to go to work. Robin left Tracy's home.
Jordan affected children's happiness and wanted to be a foster parent.
ash could tell this person did not want to listen to him anymore, so he got to the point.
Jesse lived with their wife to help with the bills and to be happy together.
Jan didn't like the way her picture turned out so she asked Kai to fix it. Kai improved Jan's picture as understood.
Aubrey fed Tracy's kids lunch today when Tracy had to go to work.
After a long day at work, Jan came out at night with coworkers.
Kendall snatched their journal away so that nobody else could read it.
Ash redeemed himself after he wound up falling down while playing the basketball game.
Carson failed a test. They felt frustrated.
Cameron got someone else to pick up the children from school.
Sasha got revenge on her sister for stealing her first boyfriend of two years.
After jumping off the roof of his house Quinn had trouble breathing.
Sasha made Kai mad by messing with them.
Remy gave Casey a different interpretation about what they thought happened.
Robin and their friends wanted to go to a movie so Robin looked up movie times online.
Carson wanted to be a engineer so he attended school to get a degree.
Austin sat on Bailey's lap because all the other chairs were taken.
Lee gave their friend Taylor a smile and laughed when Taylor made a joke.
Casey called Aubrey's parents to check how are they doing.
Sydney asked the teacher if Ash could have one when they were handing out books.
Carson said thank you to his aunt for the strange and unwarranted gift she gave him.
Jesse broke her leg and could not take the students on the trip after all.
Kendall's best friend, Anne, was getting married.  However, Kendall knew nothing yet.
Jordan shared their experience after wining the champion through different difficulties and challenges.
Alex made their escape out of the dangerous building that was on fire.
Ash bought clothes for his new year at school.
Remy left school on account of having the flu that day.
Cameron was pushing her baby Aubrey in her stroller through the park. Aubrey threw toys out of the stroller.
Aubrey pulled them over for speeding too fast on the highway.
Lee told Carson about an idea for a start up company. Carson told Lee it was risky to do it.
My friend was selling popcorn to raise money for the Boy Scouts. Tracy loves popcorn, and placed a large order. Tracy gave money to my friend for the popcorn.
Riley knew Jesse was a shoplifter so they regarded Jesse with suspicious eyes.
Riley knows someone stole the necklace out of the drawer. Riley watches Jesse with watchful eyes.
Carson returned to Robin's house because Carson left his car keys on the table.
Taylor caught a cold in her throat and it wouldnt go away.
Robin built a snowman in the snow and gave it a new name.
Kendall wanted to learn how to draw so they bought a pencil, paper, and instructional video.
Robin changed Aubrey into clean clothes after Aubrey spilled her bottle all over herself.
Not wanting to raise too much consternation, Jesse ultimately believed every word.
Jordan affected the children's grades by offering extra tutoring after school.
Addison was feeling sick and in pain and Sydney saw that.
Skylar went to the dentist who set an appointment to get his tooth filled.
Remy gave Skylar her account so Skylar could play the game.
Jan needed help with math and got tutoring from Kia and improved her work.
Sydney wanted to show Kai the new tablet they got so Kai crowded around Sydney.
Remy clicked on the email button and emailed their entire office.
Riley looked at Jesse.
Sasha helped her friend Liza who was in a bad situation. Liza refused to help herself and went back to the bad situation.
casey was doing an experiment so she kept the mice up all night.
Bailey had the exams in her hand when the class started. Bailey passed Jesse an examination booklet.
Taylor helped Ash move and carried all the boxes.
Cameron got out of the way of the team of horses.
Sasha sat down after lighting the their house on fire, watching it burn around her.
After many months of hard work, Addison eventually got a car.
Carson tried to fight Robin last night when they were drunk.
Robin changed Aubrey into clean clothes after spilling food over the dress they were wearing.
Cameron took Kai's complaint seriously and launched a major investigation into the matter.
Riley saved more money when her daughter was in high school.
Jan visisted home for Christmas after finding out that their grandfather had died.
Aubrey was bored one Saturday afternoon so they met a friend at the park.
Alex was getting very old and infirm so Alex gave Sydney command.
Austin took them out for dinner on that cold evening in Chicago.
Aubrey pulled the driver over for speeding. They then wrote a ticket,.
Riley screamed in pain after falling of their bike and breaking their arm.
Skylar and their friend played together and Skylar fell in the street.
Alex wanted to be on their own. They left Robin's side.
Carson ordered a large pizza for dinner.
taylor made a video game for her family but she based it on their experience.
Kai wanted everything on their list for Christmas.
Alex set Riley on fire in the game when Riley had low health left.
Quinn ate the last piece of cake.  They felt bad about it.
Riley left home with their sister today, because they were grounded by their step dad.
Sally was writing in her journal and the nosy Kendall snatched it away from her.
Robin was eager to get her driver's license, so she took the test immediately after turning 16.
Cameron left the event early because he needed to get changed for a gala even at night.
Jan said walk back after seeing signs of danger ahead.
Skylar entered the principal's office at school to tell the principal about the others bad behavior.
Alex has autism and has always found that they are very particular about specific details therefore they are always very careful.
Remy dropped a dime and picked it up right away.
Casey ignored the warning on a carton of expired mik.
Cameron wasted too much money when he went to the mall.
Casey put food into the oven so that the family could eat when it was ready.
Riley went the way of the birds because Riley couldn't fit into modern society.
jan went to the same school for years so she was best friends with a girl.
Austin interfered and got in Sydney's way when she tried to get to work.
Cameron's boss was in a bad mood and tried to shove Cameron but Cameron got out of their way.
Riley sold Sydney's painting for a lot of money to the bidder at the weekend auction.
Cameron stopped the fight before people got hurt.
Riley regarded Jesse with observant eyes. He didn't trust Jesse because he's known her a long time.
Lee got Jordan to start walking to school instead of riding the bus.
Carson gave their friend some milk but their friend was allergic to milk and wanted orange juice instead and Carson agreed to help.
Jan visited her family for Christmas at home as a gift to them.
Addison left for home after college finished up for the semester.
Remy gave a bunch of coats to his friends who were cold.
Sydney had had dreams of becoming a doctor since she was a small child.
Jordan took Kendall to the pet store so she could buy her a fish.
Sasha saved their company from destruction before it was far too late.
Skylar poured water over their head as a mean spirited joke.
Riley told Austin's landlord that Austin was making a lot of noise at late hours.
Remy was trying to stay quiet but accidentally slipped and said a word.
Tracy gave it to their friend when their friend asked to see it.
Riley watched Jesse with observant eyes.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools and then made use of them.
Remy told Casey to meet them at the pond in order to do some fishing.
Quinn decided to go out drinking with Others at the bar.
Jesse was upset but unfortunately went a little too far when he yelled at his brother.
Casey was the main actor in Jordan book,Jordan mentioned him in chapter one to make aware her to the reader.
Aubrey had a lot of important decisions to make, so Aubrey spent time thinking.
Lee set the stage with all of the decorations and lights.
Alex had a great time on a date with Taylor last night.
Jesse closely considered the signs when lightning struck her house three times.
Aiden had been suffering from toothache pain for over a week, but could not afford dental care, so their friend Casey pulled the tooth.
The kids wanted to go to the park to play with their friends. Tracy brought the kids to the park.
remy went to the mall and made more friends.
Austin went out to eat with the family last weekend because it was for a party.
Bailey was mad at work and then told Alex to send the letter.
My friend was having relationship troubles and Tracy knew she could help.
Sasha was bullied by the people in her building so she got revenge on them.
Austin took them out for dinner after working hard and got promoted in the new job.
Sydney made some friends after moving to a new small town.
Quinn hired Lee for a photo shoot as a swimwear model. Quinn posed Lee in several positions and thought he looked best after she crossed his arms.
Austin served without pay because he really loved his country and wanted to help out.
Sasha went with Austin to a dance that the school was having.
Bailey told Alex to send the letter overnight since it was important.
Lee made copies so that everyone at the table could follow along.
Austin had lost a lot of weight recently so he wrapped a belt around his waist.
Taylor gave help to a friend when she was moving houses.
Kai went camping with friends and ate something made him really ill.
austin went to the restaurant for dinner but wanted dessert instead.
Addison was making a speech in front of a lot of people. Addison regarded every comment made.
Quinn murdered Remy's wife while Remy was away on a business trip.
Wanting to make some extra money for college, Cameron worked every day at the supermarket.
Casey is talented and well liked by others.
Riley was the best of friends when he was in a good mood.
Addison regarded every person carefully before they decided whom to talk to.
Cameron layered clothes on to walk to the city in the middle of winter.
Sasha was being picked on by her big brother. Sasha got revenge when she popped his tires.
There was going to be a bake sale at school and Bailey asked Tracy, the best cook in class, to make cookies to help.
Casey stated Addison's case. They had been friends for a long time and even went to college together.
Carson attended school for three years, until they got kicked out.
Tracy's kids were hungry so Aubrey made food and fed the kids.
Kendall wrapped string around my neck in order to kill me.
Robin was paralyzed and was unable to respond on their own.
Quinn was done with the wrench so he handed the tools back.
Taylor helped Ash move into their new apartment on the top floor.
Kai sat in Austin's lap for the group club photo in the yearbook.
Alex bought his entire team gold watches and when he gave them the present he put each watch on their wrist himself.
Jordan left his book on a bench at the park.
Ash cannot function and be productive without having breakfast.
Cameron showed it off their friends when he got a new sports car.
Casey was being silly and kept them up all night.
Jesse was feeling very hungry but didn't like the school cafeteria food, so he left the premises with permission.
Tracy took Jesse's students to the playground. Jesse had an important appointment she needed to get to.
Tracy gave video games to my friend. They knew they were quality titles they would enjoy.
Jordan brought Bailey's kids a toy because they wanted Bailey kids to be happy and entertained.
Kai liked to play games with their friends. They spent several hours online.
Jordan and Tracy were out on a date, they were having such a great time then Jordan leaned toward Tracy.
Robin had thought about if for a week and decided to take Kai's advice.
Casey forgot their lunch.  Aubrey dropped it at their school to keep Casey from starving.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools and put them away for Carson when they had to leave in a hurry.
Lee gave birth to twins when she was at the hospital.
While they were at the park for an afternoon of games, Quinn threw the frisbee to his friend.
Jesse was upset but unfortunately went a little too far when he yelled at his brother.
Addison had been practicing for the driver's exam for months. He finally felt he was ready, so he signed up and took the test.
Tracy threw in the towel on the history test because she knew she would fail.
Taylor caught a cold because they kissed Jan.
Addison ate their bread and then immediately asked for seconds and thirds.
After they picked a hiking trail to take together, Sydney met Skylar near the canyon edge.
Casey was feeling pains in their arms and their chest.
Austin got extra help on the paper due tomorrow.
Jesse was recovering from her battle with the flu. They were feeling much better than before.
Alex took up collection of stamps after going to the antique store and bought them.
After Jesse thoroughly criticized Riley's new painting, Riley regarded Jesse with hurtful eyes.
Aubrey was taking a test and had an answer sheet hidden on her desk.
Ash gave up on the test he was taking in math.
Bailey embarrassed their girlfriend infront of all her friends by making a joke about her dress.
Robin went with Jan's friends to school when her own friends didn't show up.
Austin took them out for dinner and the others were pleased when he told them to pick something off of the dessert menu.
Aubrey practiced a lot, tried out for the team and made the squad.
Jesse went to far when he yelled at his students and pondered over it all evening after school.
Robin went to school with Jan and went to her first class with her as well.
Alex needed help cleaning the kitchen and Aubrey was helpful and cleaned as well.
Addison had run away after being mistreated by their wicked stepmother.
Aubrey helped Sasha move by bringing their big truck over to pack boxes into.
Cameron rode Jan's motorcycle to work when their car would not start.
Robin told Carson that she did not want to go out with him.
Remy joined a band after he learned how to play the guitar.
Lee challenged her to a fight after she talked bad about Lee to his friends.
Bailey destroyed the enemy's weapons while the enemy was fast asleep.
After everyone finished their food they were going to go to a party so Kai decided to finish his food first.
Carson had homework they had to do but they were at a friends house playing video games.
Taylor helped Ash move in to their new house.
Robin refused to pay her share of the meal even though everybody had agreed beforehand.
Their mother had cooked a delicious dinner, but Austin wanted dessert instead.
Taylor attended their father's funeral after he passed away from cancer.
Jesse shook Cameron's head slightly left and right, making sure her muscle strain wasn't too bad.
Cameron was at a concert and the fans loved his music.
Skylar went camping with friends every spring to get away.
Cameron took their work seriously and tried to do their best.
Addison invited Austin to join the soccer club at the school.
Quinn crossed Lee's arms and posed him for the picture.
Taylor knew he was right and proved Carson's point that day.
Aubrey kept her friends up all night talking about her problems at work with others.
Cameron broke their tooth and gave a call to the dentist.
Austin got extra help. he offered to pay other people for help.
Casey explained to Tracy he was upset because he got grounded.
Remy prevented the enemies from engaging with her troops in the battle.
Kendall snatched her journal away from her little sister.
Wanting to present their feature film, Kendal showed it to all of their friends.
Tracy's friend, Anne admired the jewelry they wore.  Therefore, Tracy gave it to their friend.
Robin made Taylor comment on the food after they were disgusted.
Quinn got divorced after his wife became abusive towards him.
Kendall grabbed Jordan's hands because Jordan was trying to hit someone.
Cameron took their work seriously and did not allow joking.
Jan went out with Quinn's friends because they are bored.
After catching them cheating together on the exam, Jan gave them an F.
Taylor decided to enter the Great British Bakeoff tryouts.
Ash had the same breakfast of toast and scrambed eggs every day.
Alex grew closer to their sister after their parents died in a car accident.
kendall showed all their friends how to play the game so they could all play together.
Bailey threw their cap on the ground and walked away from it swiftly.
Austin got extra help with the homework from his tutor since he was falling behind in class.
Carson wanted to celebrate his dad's 50th birthday with him. Carson visited their dad with a gift.
Cameron found Skylar's friends in the park playing some games that day.
Jan took the kids to NYC and the saw a Broadway play with the others.
Riley was tring to scare Tracy, but Tracy resisted Riley's attack.
By telling a bad joke, Lee touched a nerve with the others, who decided they wanted to leave the party and get food.
Alex worshiped their god in their way when Alex encountered a unprecedented challenges in his life.
Bailey was playing a game with their friend and destroyed their enemy's base.
Riley was hired as a real estate agent, and sold Sydney's house at an auction to the bidder.
Kai swung through the trees while she was outside.
Austin kissed Riley on the mouth on a dare from his friend.
After spending the entire day hiking in the forest, Riley began to hurt all over.
Kai handed back the computer to Will after using it to buy a product off Amazon.
Remy was proud of a song they made and made a video for it.
Cameron had read a book about the crusades and knew enough about the subject.
Remy was excited as he got ready for his first day of middle school.
Kendall took Skylar into acount when making plans for the day.
Ash was going to Hawaii on a vacation all by herself, so her husband Jesse drove Ash to the airport.
Cameron got someone else to do the job for them.
Taylor was best friends with her childhood neighbor and after years of being such good friends, Taylor married the neighbor.
Bailey had been feeling angry for a quite a while, one day she had enough and expressed her anger to the others.
Whenever he was treated by a friend at a restaurant, Austin always ate steak.
The teacher gave Kendall's class a quiz. Kendall knew everything that was asked.
Carson tried to fight Robin last night but decided not to.
Weary from the trip, Lee finally reached Jordan's destination.
Cameron rode Jan's motorcycle after being told that she couldn't.
Casey kept her neighbors up all night by loudly playing reggae music on the stereo.
Quinn saw their dog get hit by a car. They cried their eyes out.
Aubrey took vitamins during those years and showed others how vitamins can keep on healthy.
robin wrapped their arms around Ash's shoulders and went in for a kiss.
Jesse went to the zoo with people from church. They saw all the animals in the zoo.
Jan went to work on the morning of the party because she was called in.
Carson was in the movie. Carson played a soldier in the war.
Aubrey was used to their hometown,but now they lived in Carson's environment.
Robin's plane just landed so Cameron picked them up from the airport.
Alex heard that smoking reduces one's lifespan. They gave up smoking cigarettes.
Skylar was always assigned to watch the students are recess but today he and the students had recess in the gym.
Sydney set Skylar near the edge of the Canyon so she could take a picture.
Ash accepted Alex's invitation to the wedding at the park.
Austin thought that they could settle it by challenging Remy to a game.
Jordon made light of my ailment of a broken ankle.
Bailey's parents were out of town, so Bailey stayed at a friend's house for the night.
Sash improved Jordan's status with the teacher when they told them what really happened.
Jordan tried to joke to his kids about their their car breaking down on a roadtrip.
Kendall passed away on the couch, so Cameron moved their body.
remy was a kind person so he set up ash's tent.
Taylor had to throw it away because it was spoiled.
Aubrey went on a two week camping trip. Aubrey arrived at the campsite.
Bailey saved the money so that she could retire earlier than average.
Taylor answered the door after he heard the bell ring while he was in the shower.
It was a race to see who could finish their homework first.
Lee decided to pick up Taylor's friend and give them a ride.
Robin had a very sweet tooth and loved to eat sweet things.
Lee challenged a bully to a fight when he had had enough.
Carson tried to fight Robin, but Robin refused to fight.
Aubrey was taking a test and thought hard about the answers.
Addison kept Remy up at night with her constant singing.
Alex couldn't believe they were able to make the escape to Mexico easily.
Jessie got there very early in the day so they could see every animal at the zoo.
When they heard that their friend was moving this weekend and had no one to help, Taylor decided to give help to their friend.
Jordan was rushing out of the house to the car to get to work, and they slipped on a patch of ice and fell on their face.
Quinn turned the scale on and found he was massively overweight.
Remy cried hard and Kai comforted her until she felt better.
Carson turned the music up. His friend asked him to turn it down and Carson asked "turn down for what?" and turned it up louder.
Cameron went off on her way.
Alex's factory has played a large role in the economy of the town.
Tracy went to a restaurant for her birthday. Afterwards she went home with her friends.
Alex gave Sydney a command to fold the clean laundry.
Kendall had two kids they took to Taekwondo classes three times a week.
Aubrey sounded good talking after months of taking speech therapy at her school.
Casey joined Sasha's band and Casey ended up being the best singer in the band.
Robin was playing soccer and played for a long time.
Kai was standing on the edge and could fall over.
Jordan kept Carson up all night talking because Jordan's girlfriend left them and they were quite upset.
kai was scared so he crowded around sydney.
Tracy went camping during the weekend, but it rained so hard the tent got saturated.
Cameron looked at Riley expectantly when Riley said they had a gift for them.
Robin pulled Carson over for speeding a hundred over the limit.
Cameron wore some very heavy clothes even thought it was hot outside and he would sweat heavily outside.
Riley knew the topic well enough that she felt she didn't need to study anymore.
Jordan wanted to move out so they got their own house.
Bailey had a wonderful trip, she couldn't wait to show everyone all the photos.
Cameron woke up at 5:00 AM and left his house as soon as he got up despite still feeling tired.
Tracy was Sydney's mother. Tracy took Sydney to school.
Carson needed their tools so Kai grabbed their tools and brought it to them.
Tracy took Jesse's students on a field trip to the museum of science and history for the afternoon.
Carson didn't get any candy so Carson ate Bailey's candy.
Jan new there was going to be a birthday party at work, so she got dressed up and went to work on the morning of the celebration.
Kendall is the worst player on their team. After practicing by themselves for months, Kendall scored a goal for their team yesterday.
carson knew taylor was not skilled enough and taylor proved carson's point that day.
Bailey doesn't normally attend church, so they asked Sasha's grandma one day about church.
Riley began to hurt after her friend was mean to her.
Remy resisted the urge to go on that shopping spree and left the money in their account.
Austin recently lost 200 lbs. Austin wrapped a belt around the waist of their old pants but the pants still fell down.
Bailey was in a recital and was performing for a group. Bailey started to play.
Tyler was all out of bagels so he decided to eat cereal instead.
Riley proved she was the best of friends by buying her buddies an expensive dinner.
Skylar wasn't certain that they had turned off the stove, so they went back to check.
Kai gave Ash bread because Ash hadn't eaten in a long time.
Jesse wasn't feeling good but they improved their condition.
riley told lee to stay so that they could have a heart to heart.
Addison got a new bracelet from Robin on her birthday and Robin helped her put it on her wrist.
Kai crowded around Sydney to help conserve heat.
Jan took a trip to Athens, Greece and brought their pet owls with them.
Tracy took Jesse's students to the park. Jesse had an emergency and asked her to.
Remy took the test again to see if they could do even better.
My dog got loose today. I looked everywhere and asked everyone, but had no luck. That evening Tracy, who lives in the neighborhood, found and walked my dog home.
Robin let Carson explain why it happened in very much detail.
sydney was a dramatic person so she made a mountain out of a molehill.
Sasha protected the patient's information by sealing the information in a vault underground.
Sydney had a Christmas party and invited all the people she knew who did not have family to celebrate with.
Jordan made a cup of coffee even though his boss asked him not to drink it.
Cameron understood science better by interpreting it in terms.
Robin went with Jan's friends to school so that she could learn more about math that day.
Robin took Kai's advice after they had a long talk.
Riley regarded Jesse with suspicious eyes when Jesse held out the flowers.
Addison had run away from the school after being bullied.
Robin let Carson explain themself because it only seemed fair to hear their side of the story.
Quinn finished the movie and cried at the ending.
There is alot of people here hollering but Quinn enjoyed the show anyway.
Aubrey was playing in the mud and got her new shirt dirty.
Kai wanted everything. But Adam ruined everything. Adam always ruins everything for Kai.
Sasha gave the dog some pills to help it feel better.
Cameron picked Robin up from the airport.
Austin took them out for a fancy dinner for their anniversary.
When Austin kissed Riley on the mouth, she slipped her gum into his.
Kendall scored points for their team, causing them to move up in the rankings and win the championship game.
Riley told Lee to stay at work a little later that night.
Carson's bearded dragon Liz needs to eat crickets so Carson emptied the box of crickets into the reptile tank.
Bailey was a shy kid at school. They made no friends.
Casey invited his parents over for dinner one night. He was preparing a meal and put food into the oven.
Remy witnessed a horrific crime and agreed to be a witness at the accused trial.  Remy entered Witness Protection and assumed another identity.
Robin took her friend Skylar out for a nice dinner.
Austin was taking a test and found it difficult at first.
When Casey found Aubrey drunk in their car, Casey called Aubrey's parents.
Kai handed back the mail after they looked at it.
sasha became a prison officer and served carson country.
Riley and Sasha went hiking. Sasha was more experienced and went ahead before realizing it and stopping. Riley hurried to catch up to her height on the trail.
Robin wanted to get some exercise in today. Robin went to the gym from work.
Kendall was furious and grabbed string and ended up wrapping in around my neck.
Kai stayed home from work, so Kai spent several hours online doing nothing.
Cameron was looking around the casino for Skylar's friends. Cameron found Skylar's friends over by the bar.
Bailey and Jesse were both studying for a test and Bailey passed Jesse and examination booklet they needed.
Aubrey met no one at the park despite scheduling a meeting there with their informant.
Jordan wanted to do something special for their spouse on Valentines day, so Jordan decided to have a picnic in the park.
Billy argued with Kendall about something he was completely wrong on.
Quinn filed for a divorce after catching her husband cheating on her with the cleaning lady.
Alex took notice of the children who were singing at the playground.
Jordan made their friends laugh because he had a lot of experiences that were very interesting.
Lee took a fertitlity pill, it worked too well and caused an unexpected event to occur.
Casey didn't pay attention to the weather warning because she was not currently in the area.
Cameron got out of their way when he saw the others running towards him.
Alex paid to get her car detailed and completely cleaned inside and out.
Kendall got a new puppy from the pound. They showed all their friends.
Robin left Tracy's home to get ready for her workday.
Cameron was camping in the woods with a group of friends one evening.
Cameron continued playing with the dog until their mother shouted that dinner was ready.
Kai proudly displayed their new watch by putting it on their wrist.
Bailey felt bad for being late for her doctor appointment.
Remy wanted to learn how to sew because her favourite dress was ripped.
Robin decided to let Carson explain the problem to everyone more thoroughly.
Taylor gave rise to Kendall after he was dismissed as king for committing a crime.
Remy thought she was having a boy, but Remy gave birth to a baby girl.
Taylor proved Carson's point that day by getting the job done in a fast time.
Alex made their escape into the night after stealing money out of their mother's purse.
Sasha was a doctor at a hospital who had been questioned about a patient.
Alex tied Riley with a rope and set her on fire with a match.
Robin sat at Jordan's feet because she wanted to know him a little better.
Alex played a role in the economy by investing and saving in a high yield account.
Tracy gave it to their friend after their friend seemed to really like the object.
Alex saw that John was having trouble finding a van to move his furniture. Alex, being kind and generous, rose to the occasion and decided to help by offering his truck and assistance to help him move over the weekend.
Casey pulled the tooth to relieve the pain for their patient.
Carson tried to fight Robin last night after Robin kissed his girlfriend.
Cameron took Aubrey to a festival with a lot of good food.
Kai was bored at the airport while waiting for a flight. They played card games.
Bailey got a promotion at work after working there for only a week.
Quinn held onto Tracy's forms because Tracy didn't want Quinn to lose them on the bus.
Remy went into battle and helped saved the world from destruction.
Jordan had always been cruel, so it was no surprise when everyone was excited by his misfortune. The kids in the hallway said Jordan had seen his day.
Kendall got ready and snatched their journal away to keep it private.
Riley watched Jesse with their eyes as they walked out of the door.
Lee's tooth had fallen out and he reached into his mouth and touched a nerve.
Riley was the best of friends with the boy and did not like the others.
Alex took care of his car in the right way and painted it so many times.
Ash saved the beehive from destruction because honey is good for you.
Austin spent all day building and re-building the art project for class. He wasn't happy with it and saw each tiny imperfection.
Lee gave Taylor's friend a handshake and sneezed on their hand.
Kendall altered Lee's course to go to the movies instead of the park.
Addison invited Austin to a party they were gonna have at the lake.
Bailey didn't make any friends on the trip.
Riley and their friend were best friends.
Sasha gave the team a sense of inspiration when they gave a pep talk.
Kai improved Jan's work to help others understand what Jan was trying to do.
Quinn was unhappy in the marriage and promptly filled for a divorce.
Carson was already under the house working on the air conditioning and realized he forgot his tools. He asked Kai to grab them for him.
At home on his 10th birthday, Quinn, eager to enjoy the warm, Spring afternoon, threw a frisbee to his new companion, a large Golden Retriever.
Carson was at a friends house and they decided to play video games.
Kai handed back the computer. They didn't like using a Mac.
Alex grasped both of their breasts firmly and then took off running out of the dining hall laughing.
Robin wrapped their coat around Ash's shoulders because Ash was shivering uncontrollably for a while.
Jordan talked behind Ash's back about what they were doing.
Kai swung through the bars gracefully and quickly while other children watched in awe.
Taylor caught a frog in Jan's throat because the frog was too tiny to fit.
Aubrey took tennis lessons and became a very good singles player.
Remy started listening to gothic music and became very dark.
Riley was working out in the garage. Riley began to hurt so bad when lifting.
Jesse stood by Cameron instead of going to the game with all his other buddies.
Sydney was so stressed while moving into her new apartment that she dropped the box she was carrying.
Jan had been on vacation in Hawaii for a week. Last night, she finally returned home.
Austin built a tent on the site and it was the biggest tent on the site.
Kai was injured in an automobile accident and had to spend several hours a day in bed at home as a result.
Riley is planning on making a large holiday meal for their family.
Austin gave the reader Lee an idea because he wanted to help out.
Sydney was being mean to people, but she felt bad afterwards.
Robin went to the big party with Jan's friends after being invited.
Bailey asked Alex to send them the pdf for the school project but Alex never did.
Tracy's hobby is woodworking. Tracy built things like baby cribs for the poor in their community.
Casey saw Aubrey stealing form the store and so she called Aubrey's parents.
Seeing that she was very nice and friendly, Jan made friends with Taylor.
Kai was good at cake decorating and made a career out of it.
Bailey had left all their toys out and their room was a mess.
Austin offered Sydney a position as sales manager, but at lower pay than other workers.
Carson was at his friend's house for a birthday party.
Jordan volunteered at a charity for children's welfare.
Skylar stubbed his toe and cursed right afterwards. Cameron turned to look at him and make sure he was okay.
Although Aubrey was older and stronger, they lost to Alex in arm wrestling.
Riley had just got home from the grocery store. Riley went and made chicken in the kitchen.
Alex left Robin's side so she could go make a phone call.
Austin batted his eyelashes when he met his blind date at the restaurant.
Riley regarded Jesse with suspicious eyes. Jesse had betrayed Riley before and Riley never forgot.
Robin went with Jan's friends to school so Jan could rest at home from being ill.
Jesse couldn't wait to get back because he had a new video game to play.
Alex rendered Sasha's service for the catering he needed and Sasha failed to deliver any of the food they ordered.
Lee left a mess upon Ash after shaking the soda can and opening it in Ash's face.
Quinn enjoyed the book after being told they were not going to like it.
Sasha kept the baby and started applying for jobs.
Tracy wore Sydney's jacket to school without asking for permission.
Lee wore a jacket because it was winter and it was cold.
Alex had a hard labor and after many complications gave birth to Sasha.
Riley was the best of friends with the others and didn't mind helping out.
Jesse said something mean to Riley and Riley looked at Jesse with hurtful eyes.
Addison took the test in their science class after studying all night.
Robin took Kai's advice on getting books at the library instead of buying them at the bookstore.
Bob went to Sasha's hair salon and got their hair cut.
Jesse made decisions for Lee in their absence from the team.
Jan went out with Quinn's friends and had a great time.
Sasha spent a weekend in the mountains hiking and getting fresh air.
Sydney provided Aubrey's estimate. Aubrey looked at the paper with a straight face.
Remy gave Skylar's Netflix account password to one of Remy's other friends.
Carson grew dark after having a troubled upbringing in an abusive household.
Taylor kept Quinn posted about the baseball scores that were happening that night.
The teacher asked Remy a question at school. Remy answered the question correctly.
Cameron shook Carson's head while Cameron was tidying up Carson's long beard.
Cameron wasted money on an expensive handbag.
Austin wrapped a belt around their waist, but found that it didn't fit.
Alex took care of the children while their parents went out.
Aubrey met a friend alone at the park after school on Friday.
Quinn turned the scale so the others could see it.
Kai gave Ash some bread so they could make a sandwich.
Jan was fired from their job to send a message to the other employees that anybody can be fired.
jesse set robin's sock on fire while they were sleeping because they were a pyromaniac.
Quinn said a word to Casey that made him feel a lot better.
Sydney had to get ready for school so they put on their clothes.
Jesse was very hungry and fulfilled their needs with a visit to the fast food drive through.
Carson took Lee's risk by going skydiving with him off of the plane.
Addison was performing in a play and threw a pie at the character.
Jan lit a fire under the porch because she was just playing around.
Casey thought too much time was being spent taking the case into account.
Tracy understood Casey's stance better after they had a long conversation together.
Quinn watched videos on friday night to have fun.
Kendall opened their microphone to speak but the microphone refused to work and Kendall just stood on stage.
Jordan wanted a place to live because she was kicked out of her home.
Addison invited Austin to join them to watch the movies.
Alex paid to get more information.
Quinn rode a motorcycle too fast on the highway and ended up with a ticket.
Jordan shared their experience in the group therapy session for abuse survivors.
Bailey gave birth to Taylor but couldn't take care of them.
Skylar starting crying while her and her dog played together for the last time.
After seeing what a mess Aubrey was, Robin changed her into clean clothes.
Kai was in high school and was taking French as an elective. Kai learned French.
Skylar was able to ease their mind after receiving a good grade on the test.
Taylor filled Kai's mind because of the way he made her laugh and smile.
Alex and Dawn's children were running wild, so Alex stepped in took control of them.
Jan used Robin's approach on how to do well in a job interview.
Jenny wanted to found out what happened to Quinn's leg and read Quinn's book about his travels where he discussed his accident later in the first chapter.
Remy gave the board Casey's interpretation of the facts about the case they had accepted.
Taylor was telling Kai a story. They filled Kai's mind with ideas.
Jordan wanted to be the best student so she told her classmates the incorrect answers for the test and Jordan affected the children's grades.
Kendall went home with Jan's friends after the movie was over.
Kendall drank everyday until their friends mentioned it was becoming a problem.
Aubrey lived in Carson's house, but never cleaned up after herself, annoying Carson.
Bailey's family was in a car accident, but Bailey was at their friend's house.
Alex made their escape to Mexico to relax and enjoy the sights.
Aubrey was giving a speech and their talking sounded good to others.
Jan watched the snow falling through her window, suddenly her labor began and she gave birth to a daughter that day after arriving at the hospital.
Kai gave Sydney a push in the right direction, and soon Sydney has a successful career.
Alex rendered Sasha service and got the job done in a few hours.
lee worked hard but in the end he succumbed to cancer.
Taylor gave roses to her friend after her friends Grandmother Rose passed away. She also gave her a card and a big hug.
Jan decided to go out so she called up Quinn's friends to hang out together.
alex heard the funniest joke he has ever heard, so he knocked on wood.
jordan wanted to treat his son so he took him to the shoe store.
Alex grabbed both of their girlfriend's breast when they were having sex for the first time.
The surprise party was a success solely because he Casey planned everything.
Jan enjoys working out and staying fit. Jan woke up the morning of the party and decided to get a quick workout in.
Casey stated Addison's case when she talked to the judge in his chambers.
Quinn got a brand new sports car and showed it off to Casey's friends.
Quinn wished her puppy were more playful, but she enjoyed her anyway.
Sasha helped Jordan.
Lee sold things belonging to her mom without her permission.
Kai updated their resume when there was an opportunity for promotion.
The neighbors dogs barked all night and kept Riley up so Riley told Austin's landlord.
Sasha gave her dog some pills after the vet said that the dog needed to be dewormed.
Riley talked to their friends at the party and had a good time.
Carson dug around in the bag and ate Bailey's candy once he had found the stash of it.
Bailey passed Jesse an examination booklet and they both grabbed their pencils and waited for the go ahead to start the test.
Carson was out a new friend's house without his other friends.
Carson took lives of chickens for a living on the farm.
Lee saved Kai's car from destruction by grabbing the steering wheel when Kai stopped paying attention to the road.
Taylor attended their father's funeral after he passed away from cancer.
Sasha protected the patient's information even though the parents yelled at her.
Quinn realized their dog ran away in the middle of the night and cried their eyes out.
Taylor made the assumption based on his experience. however, this time it wasn't the right assumption.
Bailey asked Jesse to give her an exam.
Jesse set Robin's sock on fire at the wild alcohol party.
Addison wanted breakfast in the morning so they ate cereal.
Alex spent a lot of time thinking about the things he did wrong.
Robin bought Addison a watch for his birthday and after he unwrapped it, Robin helped put the watch on Addison's wrist.
Bailey told Aubrey she saw her cheat on the history test.
Skylar was upset with Taylor so they asked Taylor to go.
Tracy took Sydney to school 4 hours after the bell rang the students in.
Bailey was Jesse's driving instructor.
Riley began to hurt after her medical operation.
Carson kissed Alex gently and asked if she wanted to dance at the club.
Aubrey kept their friends up at night with their music.
Robin went with Jan's friends to school and was unaware Jan was planning a surprise party for later.
Jordan let others into his house.
Jesse just got a haircut and Riley was observing him with her eyes.
Ash accepted Alex's invitation to go to a birthday party.
Sasha had a long weekend coming up and was celebrating a birthday.
Riley was running late for her martial arts lessons. Riley had to get to the dojo on the other side of town.
Casey saved some money by working overtime to go on a vacation.
kendall went along with jan's friends but didn't invite jan along because they didn't like jan.
Jesse went apple picking on a raining day.
Quinn afforded every car after winning a lot of money on the Power ball ticket.
Austin moved his body to the music when the band began playing again.
Carson was trying to study for a big test, so Carson turned Sydney's music down.
Skylar loved riding dirt bikes, even though their family thought it was dangerous. When they crashed and broke their arm, they knew they'd have to fight to be allowed to ride again.
Jesse drove Ash to the airport and dropped them off at the airport with ease.
Jesse had made plans with Cameron to go to the dance, but instead stood Cameron up.
Bailey has wanted a child for a long time, and finally got pregnant.
Skylar reluctantly agreed to go to the play this coming Friday.
Jan gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
Carson attended school at 5:00 am every day before sun raised.
Sasha got revenge on her friends because of the earlier prank.
Taylor gave their partner a kiss on the lips and wished each other a goodnight.
Taylor had a huge test to take, but Kai kept Taylor calm while they were studying.
Bailey is taking a class with Aubrey and the two are taking a test.
Taylor gave a raise and a promotion to Kendall.
Kendall witnessed a bully stuffing kids' heads in lockers so she went up to the bully to put an end to the bullying.
Robin let Carson explain themself to the authorities so that they could best understand the situation.
Taylor was trying to speak but was being talked over, so Taylor got louder as they raised their voice.
Tracy knew that men erased women from history so Tracy threw doubts on the history.
Aubrey was practicing her violin all night.
Remy gave Me Skylar's Netflix account information to pay the subscription fee.
Skylar put her daughters mind at ease after she claimed to see a creature in her room.
Addison ate all the cereal before her brother woke up and could have any.
Robin lost their wallet.
Alex gave birth to Sasha that summer in the early morning.
Jesse was tasked by Addison to babysit, walk, and care for her dog.
Kendall set a fire in the school and everyone got out of there quick.
Cameron's best friend Robin was flying to visit Cameron, so Cameron had to go pick them up from the airport.
Kai looked at Jan's picture and made it perfect.
Remy had a big presentation he had to get done, so Remy was working late tonight.
Cameron looked at Riley expectantly as if if demanded acknowledgement from him.
Austin had more than they could handle, so Austin offered Sydney a position at work.
Taylor´s friend had to get to the airport but had missed the bus, however Lee was going that direction, so Lee gave Taylor's friend a ride.
Jan was best friends with their teacher for years until the teacher passed away unexpectedly and suddenly.
Jan went off to college and found new friends.
Austin built a shed on the site so that they had something to put their tools in.
tracy hit a deer but the car was fine so tracy continued driving to school.
Jesse was pet sitting for Addison, so Jesse came to Addison's house and walked their dog.
Carson gave them some milk when they were eating cookies.
Ash was cut short by the speaker at the conference.
Casey wrote a book that happened to mention all of his friends.
Alex landed on Taylor's back after being thrown from across the room at the bar.
Bailey was trying to kill Aubrey so Bailey held Aubrey's breath.
Aubrey felt a lump in her breast and was so concerned that they confided in their closest friends who then came over and spent the night listening to and trying to reassure Aubrey.
Taylor heard someone use an unfamiliar word, so they looked up the definition of it online.
Jordan affected children's happiness by always yelling at them and telling them no.
Aubrey took tennis lessons as a method to get in shape.
Tracy took Jesse's music students to the park for a concert because Jesse was running late.
Kai practiced her dance routine for months on end.
Even though the biological father was in jail, Sasha kept the baby.
Remy supplied the needs of all the children during the power outage.
Cameron was talking to Skylar and looked at him as he talked to them.
Addison turned their music down because they were making noise.
Sasha was playing baseball for so long and got tired.
Remy supplied everything to the store, but the order was wrong.
Sydney asked mom if Ash could have one more piece of pie after they ate all of their dinner.
After their spouses death, Aubrey was responsible for taking care of all their children alone, so Aubrey had to get a job.
Austin sat on Bailey's lap and fell asleep after being up all night.
Robin enjoyed day dreaming on lazy Sunday afternoons. One time, Robin had a fantasy about chasing rainbows.
Cameron moved Kendall's body into a trash bag.
Casey finds a baby kitten outside during a bad storm. It cries all night for it's mother, the next morning Casey wants to help the kitten.
Sasha wet the bed after having a dream about really having to pee.
Kai was at the farmer's market and they sold their cow to the bidder.
taylor's child was sick in the hospital and taylor told quinn she would keep her posted.
kai stopped a fight so, he grabbed carson's tools and put them away.
Kai gave Sydney a push on the playground swing.
Cameron had to put up or shut up during the blackjack game.
Robin refused to pay for it and was soon arrested for petty theft that night.
Jordan left his at book home. He had to have it for his upcoming class.
Bailey spent a lot of time studying and working hard before taking an exam.
Ash had fallen off his bike and broke his ankle so Alex checked to see if he was okay.
Jan had a long intensive labor but gave birth to a daughter that day.
Carson was home alone for a while listening to his music, when he saw that his mom had come home from work, and looked to be in a foul mood.
Robin's house was scheduled to be demolished. Jesse set Robin's house on fire.
Aubrey never told Riley because Riley would be very upset that Aubrey betrayed them.
Robin changed their baby Aubrey into a swimsuit before they both went swimming in the pool.
Kai talked about politics with their colleagues.
Riley was not able to get a word in during the heated argument.
Aubrey took many medications during the years which helped with their painful condition, but also sadly led to a drug addiction.
Austin blew a huge cloud of smoke into the air in front of all their friends.
Lee told his friends that he solved the worlds problem in his dream by encouraging peaceful discourse as a leader of the country.
Sasha saw a new movie with their friends and it was good.
Kendall went to a bar and drank booze every night.
Casey saved some money because Casey wanted to have more money for whatever can happen.
Robin was playing hide and seek with their sibling, Robin was hiding under the bed and when someone came in Robin held her breath.
Jordan ran quickly to the store to get some donuts.
Sasha wet the bed after drinking a large soda before bed.
Tracy received a promotion after she worked long hard hours for the past few months.
Tracy had excellent credit so she decided to buy the old house on the street.
Aubrey wrote Tracy's novel because Tracy was a well known author but didn't have very much talent.
Jesse was working for Edward Nigma. So, Jesse set Robin's case on fire.
Carson wanted to travel to Jesse's town because Jesse had always talked about what a great place it was.
Robin studied hard the night before, and found the test to be very easy. Robin finished the test quickly.
Bailey asked Sasha's grandma about church because they wanted to know more about it.
Alex gave up smoking cigarettes because he hated the smell.
Bailey saw that Ash was feeling down and reached over to hold Ash's hand.
Carson asked if Robin wanted to go eat. Robin shook their head no.
Lee sold things to the others and they were happy with their purchases.
Skylar got their friends together and they all went on a camping trip.
Taylor was best friends with a co-worker, so they got lunch at the yummy pizza place.
Alex stole money from the children to pay for his drugs.
Austin knew Remy didn't want to play but Austin challenged Remy to a game anyway.
Quinn threw the frisbee very far, so the dog will have a challenge.
Kai gave Ash some bread and stuff from the deli to make a sandwich.
Ash was nervous, and cringed when they missed a step, but knew that the best thing to do is push forward. They earned a standing ovation.
Lee was going to be a teacher, but Kendall Kendall altered Lee's course and they became a doctor.
Addison invited Austin to join the group with them.
When Jan saw Jesse the bully coming around the corner, Jan played dumb.
After seeing them go 95 mph, Aubrey pulled them over for speeding on a 55 mph highway.
Sasha woke up early and arrived just in time for the job interview.
Alex was annoyed their pants kept falling down so they tightened the belt around their waist.
Kai went with her friend and saw the new Lee movie.
Taylor's father was going to marry his long time girlfriend, Anna.
Lee tried to remain calm when the situation turned sour.
Austin's friend smoked near him.  Austin blew the smoke away.
Skylar Joined Sasha to wait in line at the movies.
Tracy gave birth to Addison and it was a healthy baby with some hair.
Jesse went camping with Addison's friends and told scary stories.
Taylor's friends elected her to lead the planning of the girls only trip in May.
Robin was very good at playing the flute and could play it long.
Aubrey helped Alex with a task.
Ash threw himself into Sasha's arm having not seen her in over 10 years.
Taylor proved Carson's point last night when they spoke about the issue.
Austin moved their body from the crime scene so cops wouldn't find it.
Jesse was in a rut at work, so he started working harder to improve his condition.
It had snowed overnight and Quinn was playing in the snow.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools for him when Carson forgot them at work.
Jesse was going to stand alone but stood by Carson instead to keep them company.
Jordan decided to have a picnic in the park to cheer his sister up.
Jordan and their classmates were studing in the park but Jordan saw a beautiful bird so Jordan left their book by them and went over to the bird.
Jordan won a car when they entered a raffle.
Kai had a leading flim business, but never embraced digital, 20 years later the company went the way of the dinosaur.
Remy explained to Aubrey again how upset he was that she didn't show up for dinner.
Jan wrapped a necklace around Sydney's neck after she presented it to her for her birthday.
Riley talked to their friends about the baseball game at the park.
Riley was being held captive, but they were able to break loose from the house.
Tracy crowded around them because they wanted to intimated them a lot.
Remy answered the question correctly when the teacher called on them in class.
Casey went camping with the others and everyone was looking forward to fishing.
Cameron took Carson away for a long time. Cameron had much to tell Carson about.
Jesse set their friend Robin's hair on fire by accident and Robin ran to get water.
Kendall poured water on the fire to put it out safely.
Robin pulled Carson over for speeding when Carson was going 1 mile over the limit.
Cameron continued playing with the dog to the point he stayed out till it was dark.
Austin got an email from a guy that told him to meet him at the beach.
Cameron interpreted science in terms everyone in the class could understand.
Quinn turned on the microwave to heat up left overs for dinner.
Jesse showed Sydney's friends how to bake a cake when they were all together.
jesse paid another team member to throw the match because they had a lot of money on the game.
robin changed aubrey's clothes before the event so that aubrey would look nice in front of the crowd.
Riley is the most popular student in the school.
Aubrey never told Riley the answer and was glad to maintain her privacy.
Riley had fallen off his bike making a turn. Riley began to hurt and held his arm.
Robin thanked Tracy for the contributions she brought to the group all together.
Kai felt she was missing something when she discovered she lost her wallet.
Kendall lost their shirt at the concert yesterday after it was torn off while crowd surfing.
Robin has the power to fire anybody working on their team.
Tracy loves camping and being outside in nature, they don't like being cooped up in the city.
Sydney knew Addison had a headache so he rubber her head.
Riley punished their child and knew that lesson will be enough.
Remy made more friends when she started high school that year.
After she graduated, Jordan would teach English in schools.
Riley regarded Jesse with observant eyes to watch over the children at the daycare.
Alex gave Sasha service to her car today.
Jesse got angry with Robin and set their car on fire.
Carson shook Jan's head again looking to get the spine properly aligned after surgery.
Cameron went out of her way to give food to the homeless man.
Aubrey has always been there for Alex. Aubrey fulfilled Alex's needs.
Remy moved to a new city. They made more friends.
Austin's family was celebrating their parents 50th anniversary during dinner at a new restaurant.
While on vacation Kendall caught three fish for dinner.
Robin was confronted by another staff member at their team meeting.
After rushing to make it to the gate, Robin missed his flight, so Cameron picked him up from the airport.
Kai made a career out if his hobby after his normal job did not look very promising.
Remy saved the building from destruction by stopping the timer.
Sasha got revenge on her friends after they made a joke about her.
Remy played darts for an hour at the tavern on his way home from work that night.
Lee gave birth to children but did not have any diapers or baby supplies.
Addison asked Austin to come to the party.
Kendall was hardworking and wanted to keep everyone on her team on track.
Tracy crossed the rubicon because they wanted to cross it and be the best.
Alex made Casey escape jail by blowing a hole in the wall so they could go find the buried money.
Sydney was trying to get the kitchen mopped but Austin interfered by walking in the kitchen repeatedly.
Sydney guessed you could say that Sydney loved teaching and teaches chemistry.
Jan had learned about misogyny all her life and gave birth to a daughter that evening.
cameron was bored out of his mind so he left the show early.
As the room filled and got louder, Taylor got louder.
bailey decided to play a card game with her friends. Bailey held the cards.
After having it spoken discreetly to him, Taylor repeated the lord's request loudly for all to hear.
Carson gave their friend some milk and cookies while they were playing games.
Carson learned a lot in school, as well as taking self-paced courses online, reading books, and practicing real-world skills.
Quinn colored her hair a light ghosted grey color.
Wanting to get away from friends and family, Sasha spent a weekend in the mountains.
Cameron took Kai's complaint seriously and issues the complaint to the police for a serious investigation.
Riley made friends easily and had a big social circle very quickly.
Tracy went camping during the weekend for the first time in their life.
When Remy's tire went flat on his way to work, he said a bad word.
Taylor gave his friend a high five after he got a strike in bowling.
Aubrey agree to help Sasha since she needed to move into her new apartment immediately but didn't have any help.
Carson shook Jan's head again to wake her up after the accident.
Robin's boyfriend got on one knee to propose. Robin held their breath.
Aubrey fulfilled Alex's requests.
Cameron moved Kendall's body because they didn't want anyone to see.
Austin blew smoke from his lips as he sat on the bench and puffed on his pipe.
Addison took long walks on the beach to lose weight.
Jesse was wondering if they got into a school. They checked the mail every day.
Cameron got to the restaurant and decided to order some pizza there.
Austin wrapped their jacket around their waist to free their hands to help move boxes.
Jan went to a party and started talking to one of her friends that she cared about a lot.
Austin loved Sydney's neighbor that they asked their parents to move near them.
Robin took a long time to get in the car with her broken leg.
Jesse took years to complete college but finally got his degree.
Cameron drove nearly three hours so that he could pick Robin up from the nearest airport.
Quin did not consider that his words may have the feelings of others.
Ash always performed better at his workplace after a warm cup of coffee.
Austin went fishing to the lake with Carson and some friends that night.
Sasha was the most popular girl in school when she accepted Jordan's invitation to go on a date.
Kai wanted to do something fun for the weekend. Kai went camping with friends.
Carson told Lee it was risky. Lee looked at Carson in deep thought.
Bailey passed Jesse an examination booklet after she decided not to study that subject anymore.
Riley played a part in the revolution while it was still in the planning phases.
Skylar was outdoors in the wintertime and pulled the wool over their eyes and face.
Skylar joined Sasha's ranks as one of the only employees to never miss a day of work in 5 years.
Lee left a mess upon Ash's bedroom after they were done playing.
Skylar distributed the data in several forms without double checking the figures.
Aubrey sounded good today considering they had been sick last week.
Sasha was taking a train back to school, so Jan took Sasha to the station.
Sydney opened a savings account after she won 1 million dollars from the lottery.
Austin noticed that the pants did not fit well so Austin wrapped a belt around the waist.
Kai wanted to help out at work so they brought Carson's tools to them.
Jordan wanted to buy Kendall a birthday gift so they went to the pet store.
Carson knew they were right, and Taylor proved Carson's point.
Cameron was going to go to the zoo and asked if my kids could go. Cameron took my children and I had an afternoon alone.
taylor recruited kai into his cult and filled his mind with ideas.
Tracy crossed the rubicon with her pack and equipment.
Jan took the kids to NYC to see a show of one of their favorite artist.
kai grabbed carson's tools and stole them to get back at carson.
Taylor invited Sasha to join Riley at the county fair this weekend.
Sasha got very tired, so she took a nap.
After planning and hoping for many years, Tracy gave birth to Addison.
Austin had fun one night watcing movies with their friends.
Remy started to dance because he had been drinking.
Riley screamed in pain as the person across from them smashed their fists into Riley.
Taylor was waiting on the birth of his child. Quinn had asked about the baby and Taylor was going to keep Quinn posted.
When Riley noticed Jesse, he stared at him with suspicious eyes.
Jordan was going for a walk and brought the kids.
kendall was a nice and caring person so she wrapped a scarf around my neck.
Riley went out to the club with some friends excited for the weekend.
Lee gave Taylor's friend a ride to the store when Taylor was unable to help.
Lee found their friends at the food court at the mall.
Kai studied all day and finished her homework first.
Quinn had gotten in a fight with their friend and then Quinn rubbed salt in the wound.
Alex looked it up online when she couldn't find the information in a book.
Casey called Aubrey's parents and wanted to find out information on Aubrey's birthday.
Jordan felt bad after eating a rotten apple, but didn't care.
As it was part of his duties, Alex carried Robin into the execution.
Carson's son was not allowed on the Other's football team because of his poor eyesight. Carson took his son to the eye doctor.
Tracy crossed the Rubicon and went across to see everything else.
Kendall caught Jordan's eyes when Kendall wore a new dress for the party.
Aubrey went to the park for a walk and met a stranger there.
Casey told their problems to the mail person that delivered to their home.
Even though they were quite embarrassed to miss a problem in front of the entire class, Quinn stood corrected after their mistake.
Carson smoked their pipe but only outside in the yard.
Kendall had two kids and didn't want to take care of them so they dropped the kids off at a fire station.
After much discussion it was decided that Tracy had done the most research. Quinn held a meeting using Tracy's forms.
Skylar took a gander at the dogs as he was looking at them in the store.
Taylor gave their friend a hug in front of all the others.
Tracy went out with their friends and Tracy decided to pay for their entire bill for everyone.
Jan decided to quit their job to get a better job as a banker.
Jan wasted all their money when she went gambling.
Austin was feeling generous after getting a big bonus at work, so Austin took the family out to dinner.
Remy was caught between two groups of protesters that wanted to fight. Remy prevented the people from engaging.
Looking to get away from the crowd, Jordan ran quickly.
Quinn just got a promotion.  They moved into a new and larger house.
Kai grabbed Carson's tools and put them away because Carson was being lazy.
Jesse used notes throughout this book to learn as much as they could.
Jesse said something mean to Riley and Riley regarded them with hurtful eyes.
Aubrey didn't use sugar anymore in order to lose weight.
Kendall drank every night with their friends.
Riley wanted to show off their cooking skills, so Riley made fish in the kitchen.
Mark offered Austin chocolate cake with sprinkles. Austin wanted ice cream instead.
Robin changed Aubrey's clothes before she went swimming because they wanted to make sure that Aubrey doesn't wet her old clothes.
Jordan ran quickly to the door when they heard the delivery person.
Kendall was jealous that it was their sister's birthday that day.
Riley regarded Jesse with watchful eyes as he walked down her street because he looked different than her.
Skylar lost their character and laughed in class at a joke that was made.
Tracy had a gift for fixing up places, so Tracy bought an old house.
Remy and Quinn were having an affair, and then Remy's wife found out.
Robin was on a long road trip and had to stop by a gas station. Robin got out of the car and pumped their gas.
Alex left Robin and told her to never call him again.
Lee could not figure out how to play the videogame, but Lee spent the effort trying.
Taylor had gotten very drunk and pissed on Jesse's bonfire.
Kai recently purchased new clothes, but then found out they didn't fit.
Casey put food where Collin had been sitting because he got up to go to the bathroom.
Carson tried to fight Robin but Robin refused and told Kai to back off.
Cameron leaved early in the morning so he could get their on time.
Sydney appointed a detective to investigate the string of robberies.
Jordan began to eat the food not knowing that he was allergic to an ingredient.
Sasha gave Bob a haircut for free because he couldn't afford it.
Robin was rushing and took their class test quickly.
Jan found friends and she routinely enjoyed their company and support.
Robin proposed another solution after the first one was not successful.
Riley was not able to get a word in edgewise when having dinner out with her family.
Tracy gave a gift to my friend and told my friend that I had suggested the gift.
Aubrey understood Remy better and better the more they spent time together.
Alex and his cohorts, the former criminal masterminds for the Lupino family, made their escape from jail.
Kai handed back the newspaper and had to go to the other store in town.
Kai was swinging the bat without paying attention and swung through the posts.
Riley was competing in a gymnastics meet. Riley felt worse after she lost.
Jordan found out that they were very ill, but they made light of the ailment.
Quinn was sick and called out on Monday, but Quinn went to work the next day.
Alex sets up a fund raiser for under privileged children. Alex earns about $5,000 but only gives $2,500 to charity.
Ash was late to the movie theater and missed her date out with friends.
Taylor attended Lee's father's funeral and offered support before leaving.
Riley was very suspicious of the situation and regarded Jesse with observant eyes.
Sydney wanted to celebrate the holiday with friends, so Sydney had a Christmas party.
Kendall grabs Jordan's hands tightly. Kendall begs Jordan not to break up with them but Jordan won't change their mind. Kendall leaves crying.
Austin was an intern and so he worked without pay.
Jordan was very hungry so he went to a restaurant. Once served, he began to eat.
Kendall was watching a friend's dog. Kendall didn't know anything about  the dog.
Kendall parallel parked so they could pass the driving test and get their license.
Bailey destroyed the enemy's bunker and won the war.
Kai told Kendall the reason about the accident in the lake last month.
Kai improved Jan's picture and she loved how it came out.
Tracy's kids wanted ice cream so Aubrey fed the kids ice cream.
Aubrey the officer pulled a driver over for speeding on the road.
